[Author]   ﻿(2016). 
[Title]    Erratum.
[Journal]  Multiple sclerosis (Houndmills, Basingstoke, England) 22(12): NP9-NP11.
[Abstract] In the article The use of gaming technology for rehabilitation in people with multiple sclerosis, DOI: 10.1177/1352458514563593, published in Multiple Sclerosis Volume 21 Issue 4, Table 1 was printed incorrectly. The corrected Table 1 is below:spmsj;22/12/NP9/TABLE11352458515585718T1table1-1352458515585718Table 1.Exergaming studies.Ref.PlatformParticipants and interventionOutcomesPlow and Finlayson31WiiPre-test vs. post-test repeated measures home-based Wii training.PARTICIPANTS: N=30, age 43.2 ± 9.3 years, 9 ± 6.8 years since diagnosis.INTERVENTION: 3 x per week programme consisting of yoga, balance, strength, and aerobic training in each session. Wii playing minutes ranged from 10-30 minutes based on participants' RPE when playing the "Basic Run" game. No therapist monitored training in the home. Participants were telephoned every other week (a total of four times) for the first seven weeks after receiving Wii-Fit to monitor adverse events and to encourage increases in the duration or frequency of using Wii-Fit. By the end of the seven weeks, all participants were encouraged to play Wii-Fit three to five times a week for 20 to 30 mins.TUG/TUG dual task; Maximum number of push-ups; timed number of sit-ups in 60s; Maximum number of steps in three mins onto a six-inch platform; Single/double leg balance with eyes open/closed on a soft/firm surface; Physical Activity and Disability Survey; SF-36; MFIS; The barrier self-efficacy scale.Improvements pre- vs. post-test: Number of steps and push-ups; Eyes/open closed, single leg balance on firm surface.Post-test vs. follow-up (14 weeks): measures returned to baseline.Kalron et al.29WiiPilot intervention. No control group.PARTICIPANTS: N=32, age 43.6 ± 1.9 years, 6.9 ± 0.8 years since diagnosis, EDSS 3.1 ± 0.2.INTERVENTION: Wii Tennis played for one session of 30 mins (3x10 mins).FRT and FSST taken pre- and post-intervention. FRT and FSST both significantly improved by 9.1% and 17.5% respectively.Prosperini et al.28WiiRandomized Crossover Trial - Home-Based.PARTICIPANTS: N=36, age 36.2 ± 8.6 years, 10.7 ± 5.8 years since diagnosis, and median EDSS of 3.5 (1.5-5.0). Wii group - 12-week duration, daily sessions (with the exception of the weekend) of home-based training with the Wii Balance Board, each lasting 30 mins. No intervention group - 12 weeks of no intervention. They then swapped to the Wii group after 12 weeks and the Wii group had no intervention for 12 weeks. Contact with physiotherapists every four weeks and phone contact once per week.CoP path, Four Square Step, 25-FWT, MSIS-29. Significant improvements for time * treatment interaction for all measures.Plow and Finlayson35WiiA repeated measures longitudinal design with a baseline control period.PARTICIPANTS: See Plow and Finlayson31 Intervention: All participants were prescribed a three-times-a-week exercise programme - see Plow and Finalyson.31Semi-structured interviews conducted over the phone before and after the 14-week Wii-Fit programme. Examined the usability of Nintendo Wii-Fit and identified reasons for using or not using Wii-Fit on; a regular basis.Nilsagard et al.25WiiA multicentre RCT with random (1:1) allocation to exercise group or non-exercise group. Wii group: participants N=42, age 50.0 ± 11.5 years, 12.5 ± 8.0 years since. Individual physiotherapist-supervised sessions of 30 mins of balance exercise using Wii-Fit Plus twice a week for six to seven weeks, a total of 12 sessions. Non-exercise group: participants N=42, age 49.4 ± 11.1 years, 12.2 ± 9.2 years since diagnosis. This group was invited to start exercising using Wii-Fit Plus after the second data collection.TUG; TUG dual task; Four Square Step; Timed Chair Stands; 25-FWT; Dynamic Gait Index; ABC; MSWS-12. Improvements in Wii Group pre- vs. post-test: TUG dual task, Four Square Step, Timed Chair Stands, Dynamic Gait Index.Improvements in Non-exercise group pre- vs. post-test: Dynamic Gait Index.Wii vs. non-exercise at follow-up: No significant difference.Guidi et al.27WiiSingle-blind, RCT.PARTICIPANTS: Aged between 25-65 years, at least three years since diagnosis, EDSS score 0-3.5. Wii group (N=9) played Physiofun Balance Training - Physio Mode. Sessions 10x45-mins, twice a week for five weeks. Non-exercise group (N=8) received advice about strategies for behaviour and environment aimed at reducing falls.BBS significantly improved for Wii Group vs. Non-exercise group.Brichetto et al.26WiiRCT: Wii vs. traditional rehabilitation strategies. Twelve sessions (three 60-minute sessions/week) of intervention. Wii group: participants N=18, age 40.7 ± 11.5 years, years since diagnosis 11.2 ± 6.4 years, mean EDSS 3.9 ± 1.6. One hour of supervised Wii Balance Board sessions.CONTROL GROUP: participants N=18, age 43.2 ± 10.6 years, years since diagnosis 12.3 ± 7.2 years, mean EDSS 4.3 ± 1.6. Exercises consisted of static and dynamic exercises in both single leg and double leg stance, with or without an equilibrium board and half-kneeling exercises of increasing difficulty.BBS and MFIS. Postural assessment was quantified with a stabilometric platform (quiet standing, barefoot with open/closed eyes). No significant differences between the groups at baseline. Significant improvements in outcomes for both modes at post-test. A significant group * time interaction, revealing a more marked improvement for BBS score, open/closed-eye stabilometry in the Wii group compared to the control group.Ortiz-Gutierrez, et al.32KinectXbox-group: participants N=24, age 39.7 ± 8.1 years, years since diagnosis 9.7 ± 6.8. 40 sessions - four sessions per week (20 mins per session) for 10 weeks. Individual Tele-Rehabilitation treatments using commercial games. Sessions were monitored via videoconference.CONTROL GROUP: participants N=23, age 42.8 ± 7.4 years, years since diagnosis 10.9 ± 5.4. Physiotherapy treatment twice a week (40 mins per session) at a clinic for 10 weeks. Low-load strength exercises, proprioception exercises on unstable surfaces, gait facilitation exercises, and muscle-tendon stretching.Computerized dynamic posturography and SOT. Improvement of general balance in both groups. Visual preference and the contribution of vestibular information, via SOT, yielded significant differences in the exercise group.Kramer et al.34WiiMatched controlled trial (3 groups). Three weeks, nine supervised training sessions lasting 30 mins each.PARTICIPANTS: N=23, age 42.8 ± 7.4 years, years since diagnosis 10.9 ± 5.4. Conventional balance training (control) group: Consisted of various exercises on the floor. Exergame training (playing exergames on an unstable platform) group: Wii Sports/Sports Resort/Fit games that require arm movements (tennis, table tennis, boxing, archery, and sword fight) or displacements of the whole body to control the game avatar (ski slalom, balance bubble, penguin picnic, soccer heading, tilt city, and perfect ten). Table tennis, tennis, and tilt city were the preferred games. Single task (ST) exercises on the unstable platform group.Pre- and post-testing. Combination of single and dual tasks. Six static balance tests: four balance tests on an unstable surface, and two gait analyses (normal and dual task). All groups significantly improved balance and gait measures. The exergame training group showed significantly higher improvements in the gait dual task condition compared to the single task condition. Adherence to home-based balance training was highest in the exergame group.Goble et al.24WiiCase study. N=1, 28 year old Male. Relapsing-remitting MS since age 11. EDSS 5.0.INTERVENTION: Six-week balance training, 3x30 mins per week. Wii-Fit games (yoga, table-tilt, penguin slide, ski jump and bubble balance).20s double leg standing. CoP path length (body sway). Participant relapsed after five weeks training. Follow-up measure taken post-relapse (two months). Over first two weeks 12% decrease in body sway from baseline. 22% increase in body sway over the next two weeks despite training. Relapse occurred week five. Balance impairment remained upon remittance (follow-up) when compared to week two.Forsberg et al.33WiiParticipants: N=15, median age 55 years, median time since diagnosis 13 years.INTERVENTION: See Nilsagard et al.25Qualitative research approach. Interviewed (15-45 mins) within two weeks after the end of the intervention period. Interview covered reflections on using Wii-Fit for exercising. Patients considered Wii-Fit exercises to be fun, challenging, and self-motivating.*Thomas et al.24WiiPublished trial methodology multicentre definitive RCT to assess the clinical and cost-effectiveness of a home-based physiotherapist-supported Wii intervention. Immediate arm (N=15): Wii training for 12 months. Delayed arm (N=15): Wii training after six months. Comparison between first six months of immediate arm vs. six months of no training in delayed group, and then 12 months of Wii training in immediate group vs. six months Wii training in delayed group.Balance, gait and mobility: Two-minute walk test, Step test, Steady stance test, Instrumented TUG, Gait stride-time rhythmicity, Static posturography.Physical activity: GLTEQ, ActivPAL.Hand dexterity/coordination: Nine-hole peg test.Self-efficacy: SCI-ESES, MSSE.Psychological well-being and QoL: HADS, EQ-5D-5L, MSIS-29, FSI, SF-36v2. Adherence to training.*published trial methodology25-FWT: 25 Foot Walk Time; ABC: Activities-specific Balance Confidence; AI: Ambulation Index; BBS: Berg Balance Score; CoP: Centre of Pressure; EDSS: Expanded Disability Status Scale; EQ-5D-5L: EuroQual 5 Dimensions-5 Levels; FRT: Functional Reach Test; FSI: Fatigue Symptom Inventory; FSST: Four Square Step Test; GLTEQ: Godin Leisure-Time Exercise Questionnaire; HADS: Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale; MFIS: Modified Fatigue Impact Scale; MMSE: Mini-Mental State Examination; MS: Multiple Sclerosis; MSIS-29: Multiple Sclerosis Impact Scale; MSSE: Multiple Sclerosis Self-Efficacy Scale; MSWS-12: MS Walking Scale; QoL: Quality of Life; RCT: Randomized Control Trial; RPE: Ratings of Perceived Exertion; SCI-ESES: Spinal Cord Injury Exercise Self-Efficacy Scale; SF-36: Short-Form Health Survey; SOT: Sensory Organization Test; TUG: Timed-Up-and-Go.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is an erratum that corrects a table in a previously published article. The content of the abstract and the table correction do not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The studies listed in the table primarily focus on the use of exergames for rehabilitation in people with multiple sclerosis, and the age range of participants does not specifically target older people. Additionally, the paper itself is not a randomized controlled trial but rather a correction to a previously published article.

[Author]   Aarseth, E. (2023). 
[Title]    Game or Supernovel? Playing and Reading Massive Game Novels.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN REVIEW 31: S66-S76.
[Abstract] For half a century, digital machines have lent their computational power to mediate text-based, diegetic worlds, in the shape of software that we call games, video games, or sometimes interactive fiction. Perhaps the first such was Gregory Yob's simple labyrinth-monster game Hunt the Wumpus (1973), but ever since then the games (if that is what they should be called) have become larger and far more complex, and, in recent decades, a single such work can contain more text than, say, Shakespeare's collected plays. Given this massive textual content, as well as the often experimental and innovative nature of these works, they can also be considered a new form of novel; a kind of text that has much more in common with literature than with other digital games such as Candy Crush Saga, Age of Empires or Counterstrike. In these 'games', we find complex characters, difficult ethical choices (left to the player), imaginative landscapes and mythologies, and thousands if not millions of lines of carefully crafted prose. Teams of writers work collectively to stich these textual universes together, under production conditions that might remind us of multi-season TV series, but which are structured and consumed very differently - in fact, more like literature than TV. The claim made in this article is that the perspective of the novel (or supernovel) is a productive one for understanding the nature of these artistic works of ludic software. Should they be considered Literature? Through a discussion of the notions of literature, novel, and fiction and through a close ludic reading of Fallout: New Vegas (2010) I will argue that these textual games are in fact Literature, a new kind of novelistic genre, and discuss the wider cultural implications of this assessment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The abstract discusses the nature of text-based, diegetic worlds in digital games and argues that these works can be considered a new form of literature or "supernovels." It does not meet any of the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Abe, S., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Impact loading history modulates hip fracture load and location: A finite element simulation study of the proximal femur in female athletes.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 76: 136-143.
[Abstract] Sideways falls impose high stress on the thin superolateral cortical bone of the femoral neck, the region regarded as a fracture-prone region of the hip. Exercise training is a natural mode of mechanical loading to make bone more robust. Exercise-induced adaptation of cortical bone along the femoral neck has been previously demonstrated. However, it is unknown whether this adaption modulates hip fracture behavior. The purpose of this study was to investigate the influence of specific exercise loading history on fall-induced hip fracture behavior by estimating fracture load and location with proximal femur finite element (FE) models created from magnetic resonance images (MRI) of 111 women with distinct exercise histories: 91 athletes (aged 24.7 +/- 6.1 years, >8 years competitive career) and 20 women as controls (aged 23.7 +/- 3.8 years). The athletes were divided into five groups based on typical loading patterns of their sports: high-impact (H-I: 9 triple-jumpers and 10 high jumpers), odd-impact (O-I: 9 soccer and 10 squash players), high-magnitude (H-M: 17 power-lifters), repetitive-impact (R-I: 18 endurance runners), and repetitive non-impact (R-NI: 18 swimmers). Compared to the controls, the H-I, O-I, and R-I groups had significantly higher (11-26%, p < 0.05) fracture loads. Also, the fracture location in the H-I and O-I groups was significantly more proximal (7-10%) compared to the controls. These results suggest that an exercise loading history of high impacts, impacts from unusual directions, or repetitive impacts increases the fracture load and may lower the risk of fall-induced hip fracture. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the impact of different types of exercise loading histories (e.g., high-impact, odd-impact, repetitive-impact) on hip fracture behavior in young female athletes, rather than using exergames as an intervention for older people. Additionally, the study does not involve randomized controlled trials with older adults.

[Author]   Abegaz, T., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Effects of excessive speeding and falling asleep while driving on crash injury severity in Ethiopia: A generalized ordered logit model analysis.
[Journal]  ACCIDENT ANALYSIS AND PREVENTION 71: 15-21.
[Abstract] The severity of injury from vehicle crash is a result of a complex interaction of factors related to drivers' behavior, vehicle characteristics, road geometric and environmental conditions. Knowing to what extent each factor contributes to the severity of an injury is very important. The objective of the study was to assess factors that contribute to crash injury severity in Ethiopia. Data was collected from June 2012 to July 2013 on one of the main and busiest highway of Ethiopia, which extends from the capital Addis Ababa to Hawassa. During the study period a total of 819 road crashes was recorded and investigated by trained crash detectors. A generalized ordered logit/partial proportional odds model was used to examine factors that might influence the severity of crash injury. Model estimation result suggested that, alcohol use (Coef. = 0.5565; p-value = 0.017), falling asleep while driving (Coef. = 1.3102; p-value = 0.000), driving at night time in the absence of street light (Coef. = 0.3920; p-value = 0.033), rainfall (Coef. = 0.9164; p-value = 0.000) and being a minibus or vans (Coef. = 0.5065; p-value = 0.013) were found to be increased crash injury severity. On the other hand, speeding was identified to have varying coefficients for different injury levels, its highest effects on sever and fatal crashes. In this study risky driving behaviors (speeding, alcohol use and sleep/fatigue) were a powerful predictor of crash injury severity. Therefore, better driver licensing and road safety awareness campaign complimented with strict police enforcement can play a pivotal role to improve road safety. Further effort needed as well to monitor speed control strategies like; using the radar control and physical speed restraint measures (i.e., rumble strips). (C) 2014 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effects of excessive speeding and falling asleep while driving on crash injury severity in Ethiopia. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Aberg, A. C., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    A Study Protocol for Applying User Participation and Co-Learning-Lessons Learned from the eBalance Project.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 14(5).
[Abstract] The eBalance project is based on the idea that serious exergames-i.e., computer gaming systems with an interface that requires physical exertion to play-that are well adapted to users, can become a substantial part of a solution to recognized problems of insufficient engagement in fall-prevention exercise and the high levels of fall-related injuries among older people. This project is carried out as a collaboration between eight older people who have an interest in balance training and met the inclusion criteria of independence in personal activities of daily living, access to and basic knowledge of a computer, four staff working with the rehabilitation of older adults, and an interdisciplinary group of six research coordinators covering the areas of geriatric care and rehabilitation, as well as information technology and computer science. This paper describes the study protocol of the project's initial phase which aims to develop a working partnership with potential users of fall-prevention exergames, including its conceptual underpinnings. The qualitative methodology was inspired by an ethnographical approach implying combining methods that allowed the design to evolve through the study based on the participants' reflections. A participatory and appreciative action and reflection (PAAR) approach, accompanied by inquiries inspired by the Normalization Process Theory (NPT) was used in interactive workshops, including exergame testing, and between workshop activities. Data were collected through audio recordings, photos, and different types of written documentation. The findings provide a description of the methodology thus developed and applied. They display a methodology that can be useful for the design and development of care service and innovations for older persons where user participation is in focus.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The provided abstract describes a study protocol for the initial phase of the eBalance project, which aims to develop a working partnership with potential users of fall-prevention exergames. However, it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial (RCT). Instead, it focuses on the methodology and the process of developing a partnership with users, including older people, through a participatory and appreciative action and reflection (PAAR) approach. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as it lacks the RCT component and is more focused on the study protocol and methodology.

[Author]   Abraham, O., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Parents' Perceptions of a Serious Game for Educating Families on Prescription Opioid Safety: Qualitative Pilot Study of MedSMARxT: Adventures in PharmaCity.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 11.
[Abstract] Background: Opioid misuse is a pervasive, worsening problem that affects the health of people throughout the United States, including adolescents. There are few adolescent-focused interventions designed to educate them about opioid medication safety. The MedSMARxT: Adventures in PharmaCity, is a serious educational video game that teaches parents and their youths about safe opioid practices. Objective: This study aimed to elucidate parent's perceptions of MedSMARxT: Adventures in PharmaCity and its potential use by parents and their adolescents. Methods: Parents of adolescents aged 12 to 18 years who live in the United States were recruited from April to October 2021 via Qualtrics research panels, social media, email listserves, and snowball sampling. The study participants played MedSMARxT: Adventures in PharmaCity for 30 minutes and then participated in a 30-minute postgame interview via WebEx (Cisco). Questions were developed and piloted to examine adults' perceptions of the game. Participants were asked three sets of open-ended questions: (1) questions about the game and elements of the game, (2) what they learned from the game, and (3) questions about their experience with games. Audio recordings were transcribed verbatim. Interview transcripts were coded using content and thematic analysis by study team members to identify major themes and subthemes from the data. Results: Parent participants (N=67) played MedSMARxT: Adventures in PharmaCity and completed a postgame interview. Analysis extrapolated four primary themes from the data: (1) participant gaming experience, (2) perception of game features, (3) educational purpose of the game, and (4) future use of the game. Most participants (n=56, 84%), had at least some experience with video games. More than half of the participants (n=35, 52%) participants, had positive reactions to the game characters and scenes depicted in MedSMARxT: Adventures in PharmaCity and stated they were realistic for adolescents. Most participants (n=39, 58%), would recommend the game to others. Significant difficulties with gameplay navigation were reported by 38 (57%) participants, as well as a slow game pace. All participants were able to accurately identify the overarching goal of the game: opioid or medication safety. The game reinforced existing knowledge for participants, though many (n=15, 22%), reported a new awareness of the need to store opioid medications in a locked area and the availability of medication disposal drop boxes at pharmacies. Participants stated that they would recommend the game for future use by families and youths in various health care and non-health care settings. Conclusions: The use of a tailored serious game is a novel, engaging tool to educate adolescents on opioid safety. MedSMARxT: Adventures in PharmaCity can be used as a tool for parents and adolescents to facilitate meaningful dialogue about safe and appropriate opioid use.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a serious educational video game, MedSMARxT: Adventures in PharmaCity, designed to educate parents and their adolescents on prescription opioid safety. The intervention targets are parents and adolescents, not older people, and the focus is on opioid medication safety, not fall prevention. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Acosta, D. J., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Using Patient Simulation to Promote Best Practices in Fall Prevention and Postfall Assessment in Nursing Homes.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NURSING CARE QUALITY 37(2): 117-122.
[Abstract] Background: Fall-related injuries rise with age and are of particular concern for frail populations living in nursing homes. Local Problem: The Perley and Rideau Veterans' Health Centre is a large nursing home in Ontario, Canada. In 2019, we conducted internal audits of our Falls Prevention Program and identified notable variations in staff's response to a resident fall. Interventions: We developed an in situ patient simulation program of a resident fall. Methods: This was a mixed-methods evaluation of participants' perspectives of a simulation-based interprofessional education program for fall prevention. Results: Participants indicated high-level support for simulation-based learning, with more than 80% of the participants expressing that they will apply these skills in the future when caring for a resident who falls. Conclusions: Our findings indicate that simulation-based training is well received by frontline workers in a nursing home setting and can be conducted as part of a typical shift with minimal disruption to resident care.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using patient simulation to promote best practices in fall prevention and post-fall assessment in nursing homes. The intervention involves a simulation-based interprofessional education program, which does not meet the criteria of being an exergame. Therefore, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Adams, R. M., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Who Participates in the Great ShakeOut? Why Audience Segmentation Is the Future of Disaster Preparedness Campaigns.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 14(11).
[Abstract] Background: In 2008, the Southern California Earthquake Center in collaboration with the U.S. Geological Survey Earthquake Hazards Program launched the first annual Great ShakeOut, the largest earthquake preparedness drill in the history of the United States. Materials and Methods: We collected online survey data from 2052 campaign registrants to assess how people participated, whether audience segments shared behavioral patterns, and whether these segments were associated with five social cognitive factors targeted by the ShakeOut campaign. Results: Participants clustered into four behavioral patterns. The Minimal cluster had low participation in all activities (range: 0-39% participation). The Basic Drill cluster only participated in the drop, cover and hold drill (100% participation). The Community-Oriented cluster, involved in the drill (100%) and other interpersonal activities including attending disaster planning meetings (74%), was positively associated with interpersonal communication ( = 0.169), self-efficacy ( = 0.118), outcome efficacy ( = 0.110), and knowledge about disaster preparedness ( = 0.151). The Interactive and Games cluster, which participated in the drill (79%) and two online earthquake preparedness games (53% and 75%), was positively associated with all five social cognitive factors studied. Conclusions: Our results support audience segmentation approaches to engaging the public, which address the strengths and weaknesses of different segments. Offering games may help gamers gain competencies required to prepare for disasters. Targeting the highly active Community-Oriented cluster for leadership roles could help build community resilience by encouraging others to become more involved in disaster planning. We propose that the days of single, national education campaigns without local variation should end.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about disaster preparedness campaigns, specifically the Great ShakeOut earthquake preparedness drill. While it mentions that one of the clusters (Interactive and Games) participated in online earthquake preparedness games, the focus is not on exergames or fall prevention in the elderly. The study does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in older people.

[Author]   Adcock, M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    A usability study of a multicomponent video game-based training for older adults.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN REVIEW OF AGING AND PHYSICAL ACTIVITY 17(1).
[Abstract] Background Aging is often accompanied by a decline in sensory, motor and cognitive functions. These age- and lifestyle-related impairments may lead to reduced daily life functioning including gait disturbances, falling and injuries. Most daily life activities, e.g. walking, are tasks which require the concurrent interplay of physical and cognitive functions. Promising options for combined physical-cognitive training are video game-based physical exercises, so-called exergames. This study aimed to [i] determine the usability of a newly developed multicomponent exergame and [ii] explore its effects on physical functions, cognition and cortical activity. Methods Twenty-one healthy and independently living older adults were included (10 female, 71.4 +/- 5.8 years, range: 65-91) and performed 21 training sessions (each 40 min) over seven weeks. The multicomponent exergame included strength and balance training with Tai Chi-inspired and dance exercises. Participants rated the usability of the exergame (System Usability Scale) and reported on their emotional experience (Game Experience Questionnaire). Attendance and attrition rates were calculated to determine training compliance. Before and after the intervention, physical and cognitive functions as well as resting state electroencephalography (EEG) were assessed. Results Results showed a high training attendance rate (87.1%, 18/21 training sessions on average) and a low attrition rate (9.5%, 2 drop-outs). System usability was rated high with a mean score of 75/100. Affective game experience was rated favorable. Gait speed under dual-task condition, lower extremity muscle strength and reaction times in a cognitive task (divided attention) showed significant improvements (p < .05). No significant pre-post differences were found for resting state EEG. Conclusions The newly developed exergame seems usable for healthy older adults. Nevertheless, some aspects of the exergame prototype can and should be improved. The training showed to positively influence physical and cognitive functions in a small convenience sample. Future trials are warranted which evaluate the feasibility and usability of the exergame training in a more "real-life" in-home setting and assess the behavioral and neuroplastic changes in a larger population after a longer training period with comparison to a control group.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the usability and effects of a multicomponent exergame for older adults, but it does not specifically target fall prevention. Additionally, while the study includes physical and cognitive assessments, it is not a randomized controlled trial (RCT) with a control group, which is one of the criteria for the judgment.

[Author]   Adcock, M., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    A Pilot Study of an In-Home Multicomponent Exergame Training for Older Adults: Feasibility, Usability and Pre-Post Evaluation.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 11.
[Abstract] Aging is associated with sensory, motor and cognitive impairments that may lead to reduced daily life functioning including gait disturbances, falls, injuries and mobility restrictions. A strong need exists for implementing effective evidence-based interventions for healthy aging. Therefore, the aim of this study was to (i) evaluate the feasibility and usability of an in-home multicomponent exergame training and (ii) explore its effects on physical functions, cognition and cortical activity. Twenty-one healthy and independently living older adults were included (11 female, 74.4 +/- 7.0 years, range: 65-92 years) and performed 24 trainings sessions (each 40 min) over eight weeks. The first part was conducted in a living lab (home-like laboratory environment), the second part at participants' home. The multicomponent exergame included Tai Chi-inspired exercises, dance movements and step-based cognitive games to train strength, balance and cognition. Attendance and attrition rates were calculated and safety during training was evaluated to determine feasibility. Participants rated the usability of the exergame (System Usability Scale) and reported on their game experience (Game Experience Questionnaire). Physical and cognitive functions and cortical activity (resting state electroencephalopathy) were assessed pre and post intervention. Results showed a high training attendance rate for the living lab and the home-based setting (91.7 and 91.0%, respectively) with a rather high attrition rate (28.6%, six drop-outs). Half of the drop-out reasons were related to personal or health issues. System usability was rated acceptable with a mean score of 70.6/100. Affective game experience was rated favorable. Significant improvements were found for minimal toe clearance, short-term attentional span, and information processing speed (p < 0.05). No significant pre-post differences were found for cortical activity. To summarize, the exergame is generally feasible and usable for healthy older adults applied in an in-home setting and provides an overall positive emotional game experience. Nevertheless, flawless technical functionality should be a mandatory consideration. Additionally, the training might have potential positive influence on specific functions in older adults. However, the efficacy has to be evaluated in a future randomized controlled trial assessing the behavioral and neuroplastic changes in a larger population after a longer training period.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a pilot study that evaluates the feasibility, usability, and pre-post effects of an in-home multicomponent exergame training for older adults. While it meets the criteria of targeting older people and using an exergame intervention, it does not include a randomized controlled trial (RCT). The abstract explicitly states that the efficacy needs to be evaluated in a future RCT. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Adeli, V., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Ambient Monitoring of Gait and Machine Learning Models for Dynamic and Short-Term Falls Risk Assessment in People With Dementia.
[Journal]  IEEE JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATICS 27(7): 3599-3609.
[Abstract] Falls are a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in older adults with dementia residing in long-term care. Having access to a frequently updated and accurate estimate of the likelihood of a fall over a short time frame for each resident will enable care staff to provide targeted interventions to prevent falls and resulting injuries. To this end, machine learning models to estimate and frequently update the risk of a fall within the next 4 weeks were trained on longitudinal data from 54 older adult participants with dementia. Data from each participant included baseline clinical assessments of gait, mobility, and fall risk at the time of admission, daily medication intake in three medication categories, and frequent assessments of gait performed via a computer vision-based ambient monitoring system. Systematic ablations investigated the effects of various hyperparameters and feature sets and experimentally identified differential contributions from baseline clinical assessments, ambient gait analysis, and daily medication intake. In leave-one-subject-out cross-validation, the best performing model predicts the likelihood of a fall over the next 4 weeks with a sensitivity and specificity of 72.8 and 73.2, respectively, and achieved an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) of 76.2. By contrast, the best model excluding ambient gait features achieved an AUROC of 56.2 with a sensitivity and specificity of 51.9 and 54.0, respectively. Future research will focus on externally validating these findings to prepare for the implementation of this technology to reduce fall and fall-related injuries in long-term care.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on using ambient monitoring of gait and machine learning models to assess the risk of falls in older adults with dementia. It does not involve an exergame intervention, and the primary focus is on the development and validation of a predictive model rather than a randomized controlled trial of an exergame for fall prevention.

[Author]   Afridi, A., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Effect of balance training in older adults using Wii fit plus.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE PAKISTAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION 68(3): 480-483.
[Abstract] The Nintendo Wii-fit plus is a type of Virtual Reality exergaming with graphical and auditory response system. A case series was conducted at Shifa Tamer-e-Millat University Islamabad from January-July 2016. Sixteen adults more than 60 years age (07 males and 09 females) were recruited through convenient sampling. The specified Wii fit plus training was provided to all patients and the games included the Soccer heading, Ski slalom, table tilt and yoga. Berg balance test, time up and go and functional reach test were used before and after 06 weeks of treatment (4 days / week). Data was analysed by SPSS V-20. The mean age of the sample was 67.56 +/- 7.29 years, with 56% female and 44% males were in sample. There was a statistically significant difference in pre and post Berg Balance Score, time up and go test and functional reach. In this case series Wii-fit plus training was effective in improving dynamic balance and mobility in older adults. This should be explored further in large trials.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a case series, not a randomized controlled trial. While it does involve older adults and the use of an exergame (Wii Fit Plus), it does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it lacks the randomized controlled trial design.

[Author]   Afridi, A., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Wii Fit for Balance Training in Elderly: A Systematic Review.
[Journal]  JCPSP-JOURNAL OF THE COLLEGE OF PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS PAKISTAN 31(5): 559-566.
[Abstract] Falls due to poor balance are common in elderly people and can cause fractures, head injury, soft tissue trauma; and may even result in death from these complications. Balance training is one of the strategies used to prevent falls among the elderly population. Wii Fit is a new technological approach of balance training in the community dwelling elderly. The primary aim of this systematic review is to study the effectiveness of Wii Fit as a balance-training tool in older adults using various balance and fall risk assessment scales as outcome measures. Using selected keywords in English only, online literature search was conducted from 2009 to 2019. The initial search resulted in 312 articles. After screening, 14 full text articles were included for the final review and qualitative analysis. There is evidence that Wii Fit plus is a useful, cost-effective, user-friendly, less time consuming, home-based approach for reducing the risk of fall and improving the balance and physical performance in older adults. There are few or no adverse events of using Wii Fit. The commonly used outcome measures were 8 foot up and go test, activities-specific balance confidence scale, Berg balance scale, falls efficacy scale, postural sway, times up and go test and static and dynamic balance assessment tool.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it is not an original randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the abstract indicates that the study is a qualitative analysis of 14 articles, rather than presenting new data from a specific intervention.

[Author]   Afzal, M. R., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Evaluating the Effects of Kinesthetic Biofeedback Delivered Using Reaction Wheels on Standing Balance.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF HEALTHCARE ENGINEERING 2018.
[Abstract] Aging, injury, or ailments can contribute to impaired balance control and increase the risk of falling. Provision of light touch augments the sense of balance and can thus reduce the amount of body sway. In this study, a wearable reaction wheel-based system is used to deliver light touch-based balance biofeedback on the subject's back. The system can sense torso tilt and, using reaction wheels, generates light touch. A group of 7 healthy young individuals performed balance tasks under 12 trial combinations based on two conditions each of standing stance and surface types and three of biofeedback device status. Torso tilt data, collected from a waist-mounted smartphone during all the trials, were analyzed to determine the efficacy of the system. Provision of biofeedback by the device significantly reduced RMS of mediolateral (ML) trunk tilt (p < 0.05) and ML trunk acceleration (p < 0.05). Repeated measures ANOVA revealed significant interaction between stance and surface on reduction in RMS of ML trunk tilt, AP trunk tilt, ML trunk acceleration, and AP trunk acceleration. The device shows promise for further applications such as virtual reality interaction and gait rehabilitation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a wearable reaction wheel-based system that provides balance biofeedback, but it is not an exergame (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, cognitive training, etc.). Additionally, the study participants are healthy young individuals, not older people. Finally, the paper does not report on a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Agmon, M., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    A systematic review of interventions conducted in clinical or community settings to improve dual-task postural control in older adults.
[Journal]  CLINICAL INTERVENTIONS IN AGING 9: 477-492.
[Abstract] Background: Injury due to falls is a major problem among older adults. Decrements in dual-task postural control performance (simultaneously performing two tasks, at least one of which requires postural control) have been associated with an increased risk of falling. Evidence-based interventions that can be used in clinical or community settings to improve dual-task postural control may help to reduce this risk.Purpose: The aims of this systematic review are: 1) to identify clinical or community-based interventions that improved dual-task postural control among older adults; and 2) to identify the key elements of those interventions.Data sources: Studies were obtained from a search conducted through October 2013 of the following electronic databases: PubMed, CINAHL, PsycINFO, and Web of Science.Study selection: Randomized and nonrandomized controlled studies examining the effects of interventions aimed at improving dual-task postural control among community-dwelling older adults were selected.Data extraction: All studies were evaluated based on methodological quality. Intervention characteristics including study purpose, study design, and sample size were identified, and effects of dual-task interventions on various postural control and cognitive outcomes were noted.Data synthesis: Twenty-two studies fulfilled the selection criteria and were summarized in this review to identify characteristics of successful interventions.Limitations: The ability to synthesize data was limited by the heterogeneity in participant characteristics, study designs, and outcome measures.Conclusion: Dual-task postural control can be modified by specific training. There was little evidence that single-task training transferred to dual-task postural control performance. Further investigation of dual-task training using standardized outcome measurements is needed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, and it does not specifically focus on exergames. While the review includes interventions aimed at improving dual-task postural control in older adults, it does not meet the criteria of being an original randomized controlled trial (RCT) that uses exergames as the intervention.

[Author]   Aguilar, V. S., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Assessing Dynamic Balance Performance During Exergaming Based on Speed and Curvature of Body Movements.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON NEURAL SYSTEMS AND REHABILITATION ENGINEERING 26(1): 171-180.
[Abstract] Improving balance performance among the elderly is of utmost importance because of the increasing number of injuries and fatalities caused by fall incidences. Digital games controlled by body movements (exergames) have been proposed as a way to improve balance among older people. However, the assessment of balance performance in real-time during exergaming remains a challenging task. This assessment could be used to provide instantaneous feedback and automatically adjust the exergame difficulty. Such features could potentially increase the motivation of the player, thus augmenting the effectiveness of exergames. As clear differences in balance performance have been identified between older and younger people, distinguishing between older and younger adults can help identifying measures of balance performance. We used generalized linear models to investigate whether the assessment of balance performance based on movement speed can be improved by incorporating curvature of the movement trajectory into the analysis. Indeed, our results indicated that curvature improves the performance of the models. Five-fold cross validation indicated that our method is promising for the assessment of balance performance in real-time by showing more than 90% classification accuracy. Finally, this method could be valuable not only for exergaming, but also for real-time assessment of body movements in sports, rehabilitation, and medicine.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the assessment of dynamic balance performance during exergaming, specifically using speed and curvature of body movements. While it mentions that exergames can be used to improve balance among older people, the primary focus is on the development and validation of a method for assessing balance performance in real-time. The study does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial (RCT) aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Aguilar, V. S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Visual Data Exploration for Balance Quantification in Real-Time During Exergaming.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 12(1).
[Abstract] Unintentional injuries are among the ten leading causes of death in older adults; falls cause 60% of these deaths. Despite their effectiveness to improve balance and reduce the risk of falls, balance training programs have several drawbacks in practice, such as lack of engaging elements, boring exercises, and the effort and cost of travelling, ultimately resulting in low adherence. Exergames, that is, digital games controlled by body movements, have been proposed as an alternative to improve balance. One of the main challenges for exergames is to automatically quantify balance during game-play in order to adapt the game difficulty according to the skills of the player. Here we perform a multidimensional exploratory data analysis, using visualization techniques, to find useful measures for quantifying balance in real-time. First, we visualize exergaming data, derived from 400 force plate recordings of 40 participants from 20 to 79 years and 10 trials per participant, as heat maps and violin plots to get quick insight into the nature of the data. Second, we extract known and new features from the data, such as instantaneous speed, measures of dispersion, turbulence measures derived from speed, and curvature values. Finally, we analyze and visualize these features using several visualizations such as a heat map, overlapping violin plots, a parallel coordinate plot, a projection of the two first principal components, and a scatter plot matrix. Our visualizations and findings suggest that heat maps and violin plots can provide quick insight and directions for further data exploration. The most promising measures to quantify balance in real-time are speed, curvature and a turbulence measure, because these measures show age-related changes in balance performance. The next step is to apply the present techniques to data of whole body movements as recorded by devices such as Kinect.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of visualization techniques to explore and quantify balance in real-time during exergaming. While it mentions that the participants include older adults and discusses the potential of exergames to improve balance, the primary focus is on data exploration and feature extraction for quantifying balance. The paper does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial (RCT) aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Agwu, C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Cost-Effectiveness analysis of the surgical management of fractures in Malawi: An economic evaluation of a high and low-income country surgical collaboration.
[Journal]  INJURY-INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF THE CARE OF THE INJURED 52(4): 767-773.
[Abstract] Introduction: Cost-effectiveness is an essential tool for identifying high-value interventions in resource-limited settings. This study aims to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of the surgical management of fractures by surgical residents at Kamuzu Central Hospital (KCH). Currently, the 5-year surgical training program is supported by the Malawi Ministry of Health, and two universities in the United States and Norway.Methods: We performed a modeled cost-effectiveness analysis (CEA) from a public health sector perspective. Cost data were collected from the current residency program and effectiveness data estimated from clinical data derived from operative interventions for fractures between 2013 and 2017 at KCH. Three patient groups were used as the base case; (1) patients of all ages, (2) patients age >= 18 years, and (3) patients who were <18 years. A Monte Carlo simulation of 10,000 trials was conducted for the probabilistic sensitivity analysis.Results: The estimated average lifetime cost of training and compensating residency-trained surgeons over a 35-year career was $448,600 (SD $31,167). The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) for providing surgical care to patients of all ages was $215 (SD $3,666) per disability-adjusted life-year (DALY), which is below the willingness-to pay-threshold (WTP) of $1,170 per DALY and highly cost-effective at a WTP threshold of $390. Each surgeon is estimated to avert approximately 5,570 DALYs during their career when performing operations to treat fractures.Conclusion: The KCH surgical training program is highly cost-effective at reducing disability at an incremental cost of $215 per averted DALY. This CEA demonstrates that the current surgical training program is cost-effective in reducing morbidity among individuals with fractures. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the cost-effectiveness of a surgical training program for managing fractures in Malawi. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a surgical training program, and the target population includes patients of all ages, not specifically older people. Additionally, the study is an economic evaluation, not a randomized controlled trial focused on exergames.

[Author]   Ahmad, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Pain and anxiety in patients with breast cancer treated with morphine versus tramal with virtual reality.
[Journal]  HEALTH CARE FOR WOMEN INTERNATIONAL 45(7): 782-795.
[Abstract] The treatment of pain and anxiety in cancer patients includes both pharmaceutical and non-pharmacological approaches. The researchers of this study aimed to compare the effectiveness of morphine versus Tramal with virtual reality therapy (VR) in reducing pain and anxiety in female patients with breast cancer. The sample was composed of 80 women with breast cancer who where treated at a specialized cancer center in Jordan. A quasi-experimental design was used in the study intervention. When used with VR, the tramal analgesics did not differe significactly from the effect of morphine in reducing the pain and anxiety. However, both groups had a significant drop in the level of pain and anxiety. When combined with VR, the use of weak opioids such as Tramal will have nearly the same effect as strong opioids such as Morphine in reducing pain and anxiety in breast cancer patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effectiveness of morphine versus Tramal, combined with virtual reality therapy, in reducing pain and anxiety in female patients with breast cancer. The intervention targets are not older people, and the primary goal is not fall prevention.

[Author]   Ahmad, M. A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    A Virtual Reality-Based Simulation Tool for Assessing the Risk of Falls in Older Adults.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 14(14).
[Abstract] Falls are considered a significant cause of disability, pain, and premature deaths in older adults, often due to sedentary lifestyles and various risk factors. Combining immersive virtual reality (IVR) with physical exercise, or exergames, enhances motivation and personalizes training, effectively preventing falls by improving strength and balance in older people. IVR technology may increase the ecological validity of the assessments. The main goal of our study was to assess the feasibility of using a KAVE-based VR platform combining simulations of Levadas and a cable car to perform a balanced assessment and profiling of the older adult population for high risk of falls and the related user experience. A VR-based platform using a Wii balance board and a CAVE was developed to assess balance and physical fitness. Validated by the Biodex Balance System (BBS), 25 older adults participated in this study. The usability and presence were measured through the System Usability Scale and ITC-SOPI questionnaires, respectively. The IVR system showed a high presence and a good usability score of 75. Significant effects were found in the maximum excursion of the centre of pressure (COP) on the anterior-posterior axis during the cable car simulation (CCS), correlating with BBS metrics. Multiple discriminative analysis models and the support vector machine classified fall risk with moderate to high accuracy, precision, and recall. The system accurately identified all high-risk participants using the leave-one-out method. This study suggests that an IVR-based platform based on simulations with high ecological validity can be used to assess physical fitness and identify individuals at a higher risk of falls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation: Although the paper involves older adults and uses a virtual reality (VR) system, its main goal is to assess the feasibility of using a VR-based platform for assessing the risk of falls, rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The study focuses on the assessment and profiling of fall risk, not on an intervention designed to improve strength and balance through exergames. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ahmad, R., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Impact of High-Fidelity Transvaginal Ultrasound Simulation for Radiology on Residents' Performance and Satisfacation.
[Journal]  ACADEMIC RADIOLOGY 22(2): 234-239.
[Abstract] Rationale and Objectives: Because of the intimate and uncomfortable nature of transvaginal ultrasound, training residents to perform this type of examination is a difficult task. As a consequence, residents may receive inadequate training that leads to a lack of the skills and confidence needed to perform this examination. The aim of the study was to assess the effectiveness of using simulation sessions to teach residents how to perform transvaginal ultrasound, enabling them to diagnose obstetric and gynecologic emergencies and helping them survive on-calls alone while keeping their patients safe.Materials and Methods: We used an experimental study design to compare the confidence levels of 20 senior residents who received clinical training only to those of 25 junior residents who were enrolled in a simulation-based teaching session. We also compared the junior residents' levels of performance and confidence using transvaginal ultrasound before and after the sessions.Results: The performance of transvaginal ultrasound by the junior residents and their confidence levels significantly improved after they attended the simulation sessions. They had higher levels of confidence than the senior residents who did not attend the session. It was also observed that the number of nondiagnostic transvaginal ultrasounds perforrned by the on-call resident that needed to be repeated the next day had significantly dropped.Conclusions: Simulation-based teaching sessions are an effective method of education, which improve trainees' skills and confidence levels and improve patient safety.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of high-fidelity transvaginal ultrasound simulation for training radiology residents. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are radiology residents, and the focus is on improving their skills and confidence in performing transvaginal ultrasounds, rather than preventing falls in older people.

[Author]   Aibel, M. (2017). 
[Title]    From Provisioning to Reciprocity: Logging in to Spike Jonze's <i>her</i>.
[Journal]  PSYCHOANALYTIC PSYCHOLOGY 34(3): 368-371.
[Abstract] Spike Jonze's (2013) film her uses the high concept of a man falling in love with his personalized operating system (OS) to explore our love affair with the Digital Age technology of smartphones, artificial intelligence, and virtual reality. In addition to functioning as social satire, the film unfolds as an unlikely romance between user and OS. A backstory constructed from the film's analytic data is offered, delineating the protagonist's early attachment pattern of traumatic nonrecognition leading to a thwarted, alienated, and fragmented self. The OS character's developmental challenges are located around her disembodiment and assertion of her subjectivity. The characters' mutual attraction, born out of self-object provisioning, requires them to negotiate intersubjective recognition and to surrender to loss en route to maturation. The vicissitudes of their relationship are analyzed and viewed as analogous to various aspects of the therapeutic dyad, utilizing concepts from self psychology, intersubjective, interpersonal, and contemporary relational orientations. Therapeutic issues around soul murder, intersubjective negotiation, and analytic love are implicated and explored.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The content of the paper focuses on a psychoanalytic analysis of the film "Her" by Spike Jonze, exploring themes of attachment, intersubjectivity, and the relationship between a man and an artificial intelligence. It does not meet any of the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Akan, I., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Animated video reduces pain and anxiety during pin removal in children with supracondylar humerus fractures: a randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF ORTHOPAEDIC AND TRAUMA SURGERY 144(9): 4293-4301.
[Abstract] Introduction The aim of this study; is to determine the level of pain and anxiety experienced by pediatric patients with operated humeral supracondylar fractures during pin removal, and to investigate the effectiveness of animated video impressions. Materials and methods This randomized controlled study included 180 patients aged between 4 and 12 years. The patients were divided into four groups: Group 1-control; Group 2-watched the introductory animation video before the procedure; Group 3-using analgesic before the procedure (ibuprofen 10 mg/kg); Group 4-watched the introductory animation video and used analgesic before the procedure. To assess pain before randomization, before-during-after procedure, and at outpatient clinic controls; the Wong-Baker Pain Scale (WBS), modified CHEOPS (Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario Pain Scale), and the child's heart rate were used. To assess anxiety; the Children's Anxiety Meter (CAM), The Short State Anxiety Inventory Scale (SAIS), and The Children's Emotion Management Scales (CEMS) were used. Results While a significant difference was detected between the groups in the tests performed at certain intervals (p < 0.001), no significant difference was detected between Groups 1-3 and Groups 2-4. The Modified CHEOPS and CEMS values obtained during the procedure showed significant variability between the groups (p < 0.001). Similarly, While a significant difference was detected between the groups in the WBS scores measured during the procedure (p < 0.001), it was observed that there was no significant relationship between Groups 1-3 and Groups 2-4 (p = 0.892, p = 0.820). Conclusions Watching an introductory animated video before pin removal is an effective method to relieve the anxiety and pain felt in children with supracondylar fractures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of an animated video to reduce pain and anxiety in children during pin removal for supracondylar humerus fractures. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or focus on preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Akbarian, E., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Development and validation of an artificial intelligence model for the classification of hip fractures using the AO-OTA framework.
[Journal]  ACTA ORTHOPAEDICA 95: 340-347.
[Abstract] Background and purpose - Artificial intelligence (AI) has the potential to aid in the accurate diagnosis of hip frac - tures and reduce the workload of clinicians. We primarily aimed to develop and validate a convolutional neural net - work (CNN) for the automated classification of hip fractures based on the 2018 AO-OTA classification system. The sec - ondary aim was to incorporate the model's assessment of additional radiographic findings that often accompany such injuries. Methods - 6,361 plain radiographs of the hip taken between 2002 and 2016 at Danderyd University Hospital were used to train the CNN. A separate set of 343 radio - graphs representing 324 unique patients was used to test the performance of the network. Performance was evaluated using area under the curve (AUC), sensitivity, specificity, and Youden's index. Results - The CNN demonstrated high performance in identifying and classifying hip fracture, with AUCs ranging from 0.76 to 0.99 for different fracture categories. The AUC for hip fractures ranged from 0.86 to 0.99, for distal femur fractures from 0.76 to 0.99, and for pelvic fractures from 0.91 to 0.94. For 29 of 39 fracture categories, the AUC was >= 0.95. Conclusion - We found that AI has the potential for accurate and automated classification of hip fractures based on the AO-OTA classification system. Further training and modification of the CNN may enable its use in clinical set - tings.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and validation of an artificial intelligence model for the classification of hip fractures using the AO-OTA framework. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the paper is a convolutional neural network (CNN) used for the automated classification of hip fractures, which is unrelated to exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Akcan, F. (2021). 
[Title]    Investigation of the frequency and causes of injuries in football players.
[Journal]  PROGRESS IN NUTRITION 23.
[Abstract] Study Objectives: Football, by its nature, is a sport in which physical struggle is very intense and in which related injuries can occur. It is thought that it may be useful to know what injuries occur in amateur football players and why they occur. This study aimed to investigate the frequency and causes of injuries seen in male athletes playing football in amateur sports clubs in Gaziantep. Methods: A total of 200 athletes from the super amateur league (n: 16), amateur (n: 45), U19 (n: 69), U17 (n: 16), and other leagues (n: 54) were included in the study voluntarily. A survey model was used in this study. The Sports Injuries Questionnaire developed by Yildiz was applied to the athletes. A chi-square test was used to compare the participants' personal characteristics. Results: A statistically significant association (p<0.05) was found between players' exposure to injury and the variables of players' age, classification, and position. Conclusion: It has been found that most of the injuries of football players occur in the second half of the game; these injuries occur as cramps, sprains, cracks or fractures, muscle crushes or muscle tears, and field floor increases the risk of injury. It has been concluded that injuries in amateur football players are caused by decreased fitness, unsuitable football grounds, and advanced age.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the frequency and causes of injuries in football players, not about using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study does not meet any of the specified criteria for the intervention, target population, or type of study.

[Author]   Akkan, H., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    The effect of virtual reality-based therapy on fear of falling in multiple sclerosis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS AND RELATED DISORDERS 63.
[Abstract] Background: Virtual reality-based therapies is proposed in the rehabilitation of people with MS (pwMS). This systematic review aimed to summarize the effectiveness of virtual reality-based (VR) therapy on fear of falling (FoF) in pwMS. Methods: PubMed (via MedLINE), the Cochrane Library, CINAHL, Scopus, Web of Science, Google Scholar, and ProQuest databases were systematically searched from inception until August 24, 2021. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining the effect of VR therapy on FoF in pwMS as a primary or secondary outcome measure were selected. Potential articles were screened for eligibility and data were extracted by 3 independent reviewers. The methodological quality of the included studies was assessed using the PEDro scale and the risk of bias was independently assessed by three reviewers using the Cochrane Collaboration Risk of Bias tool. Raw (unstandardized) mean differences and standard deviations of the differences in the included studies were combined, and the overall mean effect size was calculated via a fixed-effects model for this study. Results: Four RCTs with 140 participants were included in this review and meta-analysis. The studies included generally have a low or unclear risk of bias, and the quality of the methodology is low or high. The meta-analysis confirmed that VR therapy could reduce FoF in pwMS; VR therapy promoted improvement greater than conventional exercises/balance exercises or no intervention (MD, 2.98 95% CI 0.27 to 5.70; p = 0.0313). Conclusions: This study suggested that VR therapy could be an effective rehabilitative tool for reducing FoF in pwMS. However, due to the limited number of studies included, this result should be interpreted with caution.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality-based therapy to reduce the fear of falling in people with multiple sclerosis (pwMS). While it does involve a form of exergame (virtual reality) and includes randomized controlled trials, the target population is not older people, but rather individuals with multiple sclerosis. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Alabdulkreem, E., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Artificial Rabbit Optimizer with deep learning for fall detection of disabled people in the IoT Environment.
[Journal]  AIMS MATHEMATICS 9(6): 15486-15504.
[Abstract] Fall detection (FD) for disabled persons in the Internet of Things (IoT) platform contains a combination of sensor technologies and data analytics for automatically identifying and responding to samples of falls. In this regard, IoT devices like wearable sensors or ambient sensors from the personal space role a vital play in always monitoring the user's movements. FD employs deep learning (DL) in an IoT platform using sensors, namely accelerometers or depth cameras, to capture data connected to human movements. DL approaches are frequently recurrent neural networks (RNNs) or convolutional neural networks (CNNs) that have been trained on various databases for recognizing patterns connected with falls. The trained methods are then executed on edge devices or cloud environments for real-time investigation of incoming sensor data. This method differentiates normal activities and potential falls, triggering alerts and reports to caregivers or emergency numbers once a fall is identified. We designed an Artificial Rabbit Optimizer with a DL -based FD and classification (ARODL-FDC) system from the IoT environment. The ARODL-FDC approach proposes to detect and categorize fall events to assist elderly people and disabled people. The ARODL-FDC technique comprises a fourstage process. Initially, the preprocessing of input data is performed by Gaussian filtering (GF). The ARODL-FDC technique applies the residual network (ResNet) model for feature extraction purposes. Besides, the ARO algorithm has been utilized for better hyperparameter choice of the ResNet algorithm. At the final stage, the full Elman Neural Network (FENN) model has been utilized for the classification and recognition of fall events. The experimental results of the ARODL-FDC technique can be tested on the fall dataset. The simulation results inferred that the ARODL-FDC technique reaches promising performance over compared models concerning various measures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a system for fall detection using deep learning and an optimization algorithm in an IoT environment. It does not involve the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. Instead, it focuses on detecting falls after they occur, which is a different approach from using exergames for prevention.

[Author]   Alahmari, K. A., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Estimating Postural Control With the Balance Rehabilitation Unit: Measurement Consistency, Accuracy, Validity, and Comparison With Dynamic Posturography.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE AND REHABILITATION 95(1): 65-73.
[Abstract] Objective: To examine the psychometric properties (test-retest reliability, concurrent validity, construct validity) of the Balance Rehabilitation Unit (BRU) during testing of sensory integration processes in healthy adults and individuals with vestibular disorders.Design: Experimental cross-sectional design.Setting: Clinic.Participants: Participants (N=90) included 30 subjects with vestibular disorders (age range, 18-85y), 30 young healthy adults (age range, 18-50y), and 30 older healthy adults (age range, 60-85y).Interventions: Not applicable.Main Outcome Measures: Participants were tested twice with the BRU and once with the SMART EquiTest Sensory Organization Test (SOT). The center of pressure (COP) in the anteroposterior direction (COP,) and the COP in the mediolateral direction (COP) were recorded. The COP, and COPml time series were used to estimate the area and velocity of the COPResults: The intraclass correlation coefficient of the COP area and velocity measures for the BRU for all subjects was at least 76 in all sensory organization conditions (P <.001). Significant correlations were found between the BRU and the SOT, ranging from .64 to .81 for COP area and from .44 to .76 for COP velocity. The older control group had significantly greater COP area and velocity compared with younger controls for the BRU and the SOT. The COP (area, velocity) was significantly higher for the younger individuals in the vestibular group than the younger controls.Conclusions: The reliability and validity of COP measurements obtained during testing of the sensory integration processes were demonstrated using the BRU. Future work should examine the responsiveness of these measures when individuals with balance disorders participate in rehabilitation. Archives of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation 2014;95:65-73(c) 2014 by the American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about estimating postural control using the Balance Rehabilitation Unit (BRU) and does not involve an exergame intervention. The study focuses on the psychometric properties of the BRU, such as test-retest reliability and validity, and does not describe a randomized controlled trial involving exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Alahmari, K. A., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Comparison of Virtual Reality Based Therapy With Customized Vestibular Physical Therapy for the Treatment of Vestibular Disorders.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON NEURAL SYSTEMS AND REHABILITATION ENGINEERING 22(2): 389-399.
[Abstract] We examined outcomes in persons with vestibular disorders after receiving virtual reality based therapy (VRBT) or customized vestibular physical therapy (PT) as an intervention for habituation of dizziness symptoms. Twenty subjects with vestibular disorders received VRBT and 18 received PT. During the VRBT intervention, subjects walked on a treadmill within an immersive virtual grocery store environment, for six sessions approximately one week apart. The PT intervention consisted of gaze stabilization, standing balance and walking exercises individually tailored to each subject. Before, one week after, and at six months after the intervention, subjects completed self-report and balance performance measures. Before and after each VRBT session, subjects also reported symptoms of nausea, headache, dizziness, and visual blurring. In both groups, significant improvements were noted on the majority of self-report and performance measures one week after the intervention. Subjects maintained improvements on self report and performance measures at six months follow up. There were not between group differences. Nausea, headache, dizziness and visual blurring increased significantly during the VRBT sessions, but overall symptoms were reduced at the end of the six-week intervention. While this study did not find a difference in outcomes between PT and VRBT, the mechanism by which subjects with chronic dizziness demonstrated improvement in dizziness and balance function may be different.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality-based therapy (VRBT) for the treatment of vestibular disorders, which includes dizziness and balance issues. While it does involve an intervention using a form of virtual reality, the primary focus is on treating vestibular disorders rather than specifically preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study does not explicitly target older people, and the outcomes measured are related to dizziness and balance function, not fall prevention. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Albahlal, J. M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Multiple Bony Mallet Finger Injuries in One Hand of a 14-Year-Old Boy.
[Journal]  CUREUS JOURNAL OF MEDICAL SCIENCE 15(8).
[Abstract] Bony mallet finger injuries, commonly seen as isolated incidents, typically occur in active individuals. We report a rare case of simultaneous avulsion fractures at the distal phalangeal bases of the second, third, and fourth fingers on the right hand of a 14-year-old boy following a forced passive flexion injury during a football game. The patient initially received conservative management with a finger extension splint for the distal interphalangeal (DIP) joints. However, one week after the injury, we performed surgical fixation on all affected digits using the K-wire extension block method due to multiple fractures and the patient's intolerance for the mallet finger splint. After six weeks, all K-wires were removed, and physiotherapy sessions began. Three months post-injury, the second and fourth DIP joints demonstrated an "Excellent" outcome, and the third DIP joint demonstrated a "Good" outcome based on Crawford's criteria for outcome assessment of mallet finger injury after management. This case highlights the importance of early detection and appropriate management of concomitant mallet finger injuries in pediatric patients to prevent potential complications that could impair hand function and quality of life.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a case of multiple bony mallet finger injuries in a 14-year-old boy, and it does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described (surgical fixation and physiotherapy) is not an exergame, and the target population is not older people.

[Author]   Albiol-Perez, S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    The Effect of Balance Training on Postural Control in Patients with Parkinson's Disease Using a Virtual Rehabilitation System.
[Journal]  METHODS OF INFORMATION IN MEDICINE 56(2): 138-144.
[Abstract] Objectives: Parkinson's disease (PD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder characterized by motor clinical alterations among others. Postural problems have serious consequences for patients, not only limiting their daily life but also increasing some risks, like the risk of fall. Inadequate postural control and postural instability is a major problem in PD patients. A Virtual Motor Rehabilitation System (VMR) has been tested in patients with PD in the intervention period. Our pur-pose was to analyze the evolution of the spatial postural control during the intervention period, to see if there are any changes caused precisely by this intervention.Methods: Ten people with PD carried out 15 virtual rehabilitation sessions. We tested a groundbreaking system based on Virtual Motor Rehabilitation in two periods of time (baseline evaluation and final evaluation). In the training sessions, the participants performed a customizable treatment using a low-cost system, the Active Balance Rehabilitation system (ABAR). We stored the pressure performed by the participants every five hundredths of a second, and we analyzed the patients' pressure when they maintained their body on the left, on the right, and in the center in sitting position. Our system was able to measure postural control in every patient in each of the virtual rehabilitation sessions.Results: There are no significant differences in the performance of postural control in any of the positions evaluated throughout the sessions. Moreover, the results show a trend to an improvement in all positions. This improvement is especially remarkable in the left/right positions, which are the most important positions in order to avoid problems such as the risk of fall. With regard to the suitability of the ABAR system, we have found outstanding results in enjoyment, success, clarity, and helpfulness.Conclusions: Although PD is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder, the results demonstrate that patients with PD maintain or even improve their postural control in all positions. We think that the main factor influencing these results is that patients use more of their available cognitive processing to improve their postural control. The ABAR system allows us to make this assumption because the system requires the continuous attention of patients, promoting cognitive processing.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation:
- The intervention targets patients with Parkinson's disease, not specifically elderly people.
- The intervention does involve a virtual rehabilitation system (which can be considered an exergame), but the focus is on patients with Parkinson's disease rather than the elderly population in general.
- The study reports results from a trial, but it is not specified as a randomized controlled trial.
- The primary focus of the paper is on the effect of balance training on postural control in Parkinson's disease patients, and while falls are mentioned, the main aim is not specifically about preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Al-Bukhaiti, K., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    CFRP-RC fracture strength prediction: A novel approach using deep learning.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF PROTECTIVE STRUCTURES.
[Abstract] Externally bonded carbon fiber-reinforced polymer (CFRP) composites have been widely adopted for strengthening and repairing aging concrete structures. However, premature fracture at the CFRP-concrete interface remains a significant concern, necessitating a better understanding of the interfacial bond behavior and fracture mechanisms. Traditional experimental studies and numerical simulations have limitations in accurately capturing the complex nonlinear factors influencing this fracture behavior. This paper explores the novel application of machine learning (ML), specifically artificial neural networks (ANNs), for predicting the fracture strength of CFRP-reinforced concrete (CFRP-RC) members. ANNs enable mapping the intricate relationships between input parameters (e.g., CFRP/concrete properties, geometric configurations) and fracture responses through iterative training on experimental data. Key aspects include comprehensive data collection, preprocessing techniques, feature selection methods like mean impact value (MIV) analysis, and neural network architecture design. The paper highlights successful ANN applications in predicting CFRP-RC bond strength, shear capacity, and overall fracture behavior. A systematic approach is proposed for developing robust ANN models tailored to CFRP-RC fracture prediction, encompassing data curation, input variable screening, network training/validation, and model interpretability analyses. By leveraging ML's ability to handle multifaceted nonlinearities, this data-driven framework offers a powerful alternative to traditional methods, potentially enhancing the design, analysis, and performance evaluation of CFRP-strengthened concrete structures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using deep learning, specifically artificial neural networks (ANNs), to predict the fracture strength of carbon fiber-reinforced polymer (CFRP)-reinforced concrete (CFRP-RC) members. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Albuquerque, G. A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Osteoporosis screening using machine learning and electromagnetic waves.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 13(1).
[Abstract] Osteoporosis is a disease characterized by impairment of bone microarchitecture that causes high socioeconomic impacts in the world because of fractures and hospitalizations. Although dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) is the gold standard for diagnosing the disease, access to DXA in developing countries is still limited due to its high cost, being present only in specialized hospitals. In this paper, we analyze the performance of Osseus, a low-cost portable device based on electromagnetic waves that measures the attenuation of the signal that crosses the medial phalanx of a patient's middle finger and was developed for osteoporosis screening. The analysis is carried out by predicting changes in bone mineral density using Osseus measurements and additional common risk factors used as input features to a set of supervised classification models, while the results from DXA are taken as target (real) values during the training of the machine learning algorithms. The dataset consisted of 505 patients who underwent osteoporosis screening with both devices (DXA and Osseus), of whom 21.8% were healthy and 78.2% had low bone mineral density or osteoporosis. A cross-validation with k-fold = 5 was considered in model training, while 20% of the whole dataset was used for testing. The obtained performance of the best model (Random Forest) presented a sensitivity of 0.853, a specificity of 0.879, and an F1 of 0.859. Since the Random Forest (RF) algorithm allows some interpretability of its results (through the impurity check), we were able to identify the most important variables in the classification of osteoporosis. The results showed that the most important variables were age, body mass index, and the signal attenuation provided by Osseus. The RF model, when used together with Osseus measurements, is effective in screening patients and facilitates the early diagnosis of osteoporosis. The main advantages of such early screening are the reduction of costs associated with exams, surgeries, treatments, and hospitalizations, as well as improved quality of life for patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a low-cost portable device (Osseus) and machine learning for osteoporosis screening. It does not involve exergames or any form of exercise intervention, nor does it focus on preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Aldwairi, M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Efficient and Secure Flash-based Gaming CAPTCH [arXiv].
[Journal]  arXiv: 24 pp.-24 pp.
[Abstract] With the growth of connectivity to smart grids, new applications, and the changing interaction between customer and energy clouds, clouds are more vulnerable to denial-of-service attacks. Efficient detection methods are required to authenticate, detect and control attackers. Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart, CAPTCHA, is one efficient tool to thwart denial of service attacks. The server presents the user with a client puzzle to solve in order to gain access to the service or website. The puzzle should be hard enough for computers, but easy for humans to solve. Several methods have been suggested including the popular image-based, as well as video-based, and text-based CAPTCHAs. In this paper, we present a new Flash-based gaming CAPTCHA to differentiate bots from humans. We propose a drag and drop client puzzle where the user will play a simple game to answer a visual question. Our method turns out to be convenient, easy for users and challenging for bots. Additionally, it has gaming aspect, which makes it interesting to users of all age groups. [Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing, 2020].
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a new type of CAPTCHA using a Flash-based gaming approach to differentiate between bots and humans. It does not target older people, nor is it focused on exergames or the prevention of falls in the elderly. The study also does not involve randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Aldwairi, M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Efficient and secure flash-based gaming CAPTCHA.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF PARALLEL AND DISTRIBUTED COMPUTING 142: 27-35.
[Abstract] With the growth of connectivity to smart grids, new applications, and the changing interaction between customer and energy clouds, clouds are more vulnerable to denial-of-service attacks. Efficient detection methods are required to authenticate, detect and control attackers. Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart, CAPTCHA, is one efficient tool to thwart denial of service attacks. The server presents the user with a client puzzle to solve in order to gain access to the service or website. The puzzle should be hard enough for computers, but easy for humans to solve. Several methods have been suggested including the popular image-based, as well as video-based, and text-based CAPTCHAs. In this paper, we present a new Flash-based gaming CAPTCHA to differentiate bots from humans. We propose a drag and drop client puzzle where the user will play a simple game to answer a visual question. Our method turns out to be convenient, easy for users and challenging for bots. Additionally, it has gaming aspect, which makes it interesting to users of all age groups. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a new Flash-based gaming CAPTCHA to differentiate bots from humans. It does not target older people, nor is it an exergame designed to prevent falls. The focus is on cybersecurity and authentication, rather than on physical or cognitive training for the elderly.

[Author]   Alghamdi, F. A. D.-a., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Video Game Addiction and its Relationship with Sleep Quality among Medical Students.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF EPIDEMIOLOGY AND GLOBAL HEALTH 14(3): 1122-1129.
[Abstract] Background Although many health problems, including sleep disorders, have been associated with video gaming, further studies are required to establish the validity of these connections. This study aimed to determine the prevalence of gaming addiction among medical students and its association with poor sleep quality, which may be reflected in academic performance. Method A cross-sectional survey was conducted between January and June 2023 among medical students at the institution under study. An online survey was conducted and was divided into three sections. The first section included the demographic data, the second section included the 7-item Gaming Addiction Scale (GAS), and the third section included the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index. Using the GAS, and based on the total score, gamers were classified as addicted, problematic, engaged, or normal. Hence, abnormal gamers include engaged, problematic, and addicted gamers. Result There were 356 participants with a mean age of 22.5 -/+ 1.8 years, and 75.3% were males. The data showed that 38.8% of the study population were abnormal gamers: 40 (11.2%) engaged gamers, 81 (22.8%) problematic gamers, and 17 (4.8%) addicted gamers. Furthermore, abnormal gaming was linked to poor sleep quality when comparing abnormal gamers with normal gamers (92% vs. 80.3%, p = 0.002). Further comparison between the types of abnormal gamers revealed that addicted gamers were found to rely on sleep medication to help them sleep at night and took longer time to fall asleep (p = 0.050 and p = 0.045, respectively). Conclusion Abnormal gamers are common among medical students and strongly associated with poor sleep quality compared to normal gamers.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the relationship between video game addiction and sleep quality among medical students, which does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Alghamdi, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    The association between visual attention and body movement-controlled video games, balance and mobility in older adults.
[Journal]  BMC GERIATRICS 21(1).
[Abstract] BackgroundBody movement-controlled video games involving physical motion and visual attention may have the potential to train both abilities simultaneously. Our purpose was to determine the associations between performance in these games and visual attention, balance and mobility in a group of older adults. The long-term goal is to identify the optimal type of interactive games with regards to training potential.MethodsFifty healthy adults aged 65+ years participated in this cross-sectional study. Visual attention was measured with static and dynamic versions of a useful field of view (UFV) and a multiple object tracking (MOT) test. Balance was measured with a force plate in bi-pedal quiet stance test (QST) and one-legged stance (OLST). Gait variability and walking speed were assessed with the Five Meter Walk Test (5MWT). Four Microsoft (TM) Xbox (R) 360 Kinect (TM) interactive video games were chosen based on the apparent levels of visual attention demand.ResultsVisual attention (UFV and MOT) was significantly associated with performance in Xbox (R) Kinect (TM) games that appeared to have a high visual attention demand (p<0.05), while there was minimal or no significant association with games with apparent low visual attention demand. Balance and mobility show correlations with visual attention, and with Xbox games.ConclusionThe results suggest that there are relationships between visual attention, balance, mobility and Xbox<(R)> Kinect (TM) game performance. Since different Xbox (R) games were associated with different balance, mobility and visual attention scores, a variety of such games, rather than a single game, may be most effective for training for falls prevention.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper examines the associations between performance in body movement-controlled video games, visual attention, balance, and mobility in older adults. However, it does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Specifically, the study is a cross-sectional study and does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the focus is on understanding the relationships and associations rather than evaluating the effectiveness of an intervention for fall prevention.

[Author]   Alharbi, A. H. and H. A. H. Mahmoud (2022). 
[Title]    Intelligent Monitoring Model for Fall Risks of Hospitalized Elderly Patients.
[Journal]  HEALTHCARE 10(10).
[Abstract] Early detection of high fall risk is an important process of fall prevention in hospitalized elderly patients. Hospitalized elderly patients can face several falling risks. Monitoring systems can be utilized to protect health and lives, and monitoring models can be less effective if the alarm is not invoked in real time. Therefore, in this paper we propose a monitoring prediction system that incorporates artificial intelligence. The proposed system utilizes a scalable clustering technique, namely the Catboost method, for binary classification. These techniques are executed on the Snowflake platform to rapidly predict safe and risky incidence for hospitalized elderly patients. A later stage employs a deep learning model (DNN) that is based on a convolutional neural network (CNN). Risky incidences are further classified into various monitoring alert types (falls, falls with broken bones, falls that lead to death). At this phase, the model employs adaptive sampling techniques to elucidate the unbalanced overfitting in the datasets. A performance study utilizes the benchmarks datasets, namely SERV-112 and SV-S2017 of the image sequences for assessing accuracy. The simulation depicts that the system has higher true positive counts in case of all health-related risk incidences. The proposed system depicts real-time classification speed with lower training time. The performance of the proposed multi-risk prediction is high at 87.4% in the SERV-112 dataset and 98.71% in the SV-S2017 dataset.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on developing an intelligent monitoring model to predict and detect fall risks among hospitalized elderly patients using artificial intelligence, specifically a combination of the Catboost method and a deep learning model. While it addresses fall prevention in the elderly, it does not involve an exergame or any form of exercise-based intervention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Alhasan, H., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Effects of Interactive Videogames on Postural Control and Risk of Fall Outcomes in Frail and Pre-frail Older Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 10(2): 83-94.
[Abstract] Background: Interactive videogames (IVGs) have been used to reduce risk of falls in the older adult and improve postural control (PC) outcomes.Objective: To systematically review trials that examine whether IVGs training is effective in improving PC and managing falls in frail and pre-frail older adults.Data Sources: Four databases were searched, Scopus, Web of science, PubMed, and MEDLINE, from January 2007 to March 2019.Eligibility Criteria: Frail and pre-frail older adults aged 65+. Interventions were any Nintendo(R) Wii (TM) training. The outcome measures were PC and risk of falls as measured by any validated outcome measure.Studies Appraisal Method: The PEDro (Physiotherapy Evidence Database) scale and Cochrane risk-of-bias tool were used by two independent authors.Results: Eleven papers were included, involving 388 participants, with a mean age of 79 +/- 5.7 years. The mean duration of IVGs sessions was 8.8 +/- 3.8 weeks, the mean total number of sessions was 20 +/- 11.1 session, and the mean length of training was 44 +/- 15.7 minutes.Meta-Analysis: IVGs achieved better results compared with traditional exercises and control on the Berg Balance Scale (mean difference [MD] 2.80; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.21 to 4.39; P < 0.001; I-2 = 16%), as well as in the short term on Timed Up and Go (MD -1.23; 95% CI -2.37 to -0.09; P = 0.03; I-2 = 0%).Limitation: Definitive judgement could not be made due to the variability in training, training duration and outcomes measurement.Conclusion: IVGs is a promising modality that has a positive effect on PC but not on the outcome of falls, so it should be prescribed with caution among frail older adults.Systematic Review Registration: PROSPERO registration number: CRD42019129611.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. The abstract clearly states that the study systematically reviews trials and provides a meta-analysis, making it ineligible based on the given criteria.

[Author]   Alhwoaimel, N. A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Video Game-Based Trunk Exercises for Rehabilitation in Chronic Stroke Survivors: A Mixed-Methods Feasibility Study.
[Journal]  SENSORS 24(21).
[Abstract] Aim: To assess the feasibility of video game-based trunk exercises using the Valedo (R) system in a chronic stroke population. Method: Ten chronic stroke survivors (eight males and two females, mean age 63 +/- 15 years) were asked to complete 18 intervention sessions, each lasting 45 min., over 6-8 weeks. Feasibility was evaluated quantitatively using the Psychosocial Impact of Assistive Devices Scale (PIADS) as well as through recruitment, retention, adherence, and safety measures. Qualitative data on feasibility were collected through post-intervention semi-structured interviews. Descriptive analysis was used to summarize participant characteristics, recruitment, retention, and adherence. Qualitative data were analyzed using thematic analysis of the interviews. Results: Twelve stroke survivors were recruited from Southampton (United Kingdom) and Riyadh (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia), with two participants dropping out after the baseline assessment session. The remaining ten participants completed the study with a mean adherence of 96.11% to the planned sessions. No serious adverse effects were reported, however, four participants did experience trunk muscle tightness and fatigue. Post-intervention interviews revealed that participants encountered some physical and cognitive challenges while playing the Valedo video games. However, they felt that the implementation of trunk exercises using video games was safe, as the exercises were performed in a secure environment and in safe positions. Conclusions: The findings suggest that the Valedo system is feasible for delivering trunk exercises to chronic stroke survivors. Several factors should be considered when implementing this type of intervention in the future.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of video game-based trunk exercises for rehabilitation in chronic stroke survivors, not specifically for preventing falls in the elderly. While the intervention involves an exergame and targets older individuals, the primary focus is on rehabilitation after a stroke rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the study is a feasibility study, which does not meet the criteria of being a randomized controlled trial with reported results.

[Author]   Aliyari, H., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    The Effects of Fifa 2015 Computer Games on Changes in Cognitive, Hormonal and Brain Waves Functions of Young Men Volunteers.
[Journal]  Basic and clinical neuroscience 6(3): 193-201.
[Abstract] INTRODUCTION: Computer games have attracted remarkable attentions in general publics with different cultures and their effects are subject of research by cognitive neuroscientists. In the present study, possible effects of the game Fifa 2015 on cognitive performance, hormonal levels, and electroencephalographic (EEG) signals were evaluated in young male volunteers.METHODS: Thirty two subjects aged 20 years on average participated mutually in playing computer game Fifa 2015. Identification information and general knowledge about the game were collected. Saliva samples from the contestants were obtained before and after the competition. Perceptive and cognitive performance including the general cognitive health, response delay, attention maintenance, and mental fatigue were measured using PASAT test. EEG were recorded during the play using EEG device and analyzed later using QEEG. Simultaneously, the players' behavior were recorded using a video camera. Saliva cortisol levels were assessed by ELISA kit. Data were analyzed by SPSS program.RESULTS: The impact of playing computer games on cortisol concentration of saliva before and after the game showed that the amount of saliva plasma after playing the game has dropped significantly. Also the impact of playing computer games on mental health, before and after the game indicated that the number of correct answers has not changed significantly. This indicates that sustained attention has increased in participants after the game in comparison with before that. Also it is shown that mental fatigue measured by PASAT test, did not changed significantly after the game in comparison to before that. The impact of game on changes in brain waves showed that the subjects in high activity state during playing the game had higher power of the EEG signals in most of the channels in lower frequency bands in compared to normal state.DISCUSSION: The present study showed that computer games can positively affect the stress system and the perceptual-cognitive system. Even though this impact was not significant in most cases, the changes in cognitive and hormonal test and also in brain waves were visible. Hence, due to the importance of this matter, it is necessary to create control systems in selecting the types of games for playing.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of the computer game Fifa 2015 on cognitive, hormonal, and brain wave functions in young male volunteers. The intervention targets young men, not older people, and the study does not address fall prevention. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on exergames for fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Allen, G. B., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    A multitiered strategy of simulation training, kit consolidation, and electronic documentation is associated with a reduction in central line-associated bloodstream infections.
[Journal]  AMERICAN JOURNAL OF INFECTION CONTROL 42(6): 643-648.
[Abstract] Background: Simulation-based training has been associated with reduced central line-associated bloodstream infection (CLABSI) rates. We measured the combined effect of simulation training, electronic medical records (EMR)-based documentation, and standardized kits on CLABSI rates in our medical (MICU) and surgical (SICU) intensive care units (ICU).Methods: CLABSI events and catheter-days were collected for 19 months prior to and 37 months following an intervention consisting of simulation training in central line insertion for all ICU residents, incorporation of standardized, all-inclusive catheter kits, and EMR-guided documentation. Supervising physicians in the MICU (but not the SICU) also completed training.Results: Following the intervention, EMR-based documentation increased from 48% to 100%, and documented compliance with hand hygiene, barrier precautions, and chlorhexidine use increased from 65%-85% to 100%. CLABSI rate in the MICU dropped from 2.72 per 1,000 catheter-days over the 19 months preceding the intervention to 0.40 per 1,000 over the 37 months following intervention (P =.01) but did not change in the SICU (1.09 and 1.14 per 1,000 catheter-days, P =.86). This equated to 24 fewer than expected CLABSIs and $ 1,669,000 in estimated savings.Conclusion: Combined simulation training, standardized all-inclusive kits, and EMR-guided documentation were associated with greater documented compliance with sterile precautions and reduced CLABSI rate in our MICU. To achieve maximal benefit, refresher training of senior physicians supervising practice at the bedside may be needed. Copyright (C) 2014 by the Association for Professionals in Infection Control and Epidemiology, Inc. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a strategy to reduce central line-associated bloodstream infections (CLABSIs) in intensive care units through simulation training, standardized kits, and electronic documentation. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any form of exercise or cognitive training. The study focuses on medical procedures and infection control, which is unrelated to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Allen, J. L. and J. R. Franz (2018). 
[Title]    The motor repertoire of older adult fallers may constrain their response to balance perturbations.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROPHYSIOLOGY 120(5): 2368-2378.
[Abstract] Older adults are at a high risk of falls. and most falls occur during locomotor activities like walking. This study aimed to improve our understanding of changes in neuromuscular control associated with increased risk of falls in older adults in the presence of dynamic balance challenges during walking. Motor module (also known as muscle synergy) analyses identified changes in the neuromuscular recruitment of leg muscles during walking with and without perturbations designed to elicit the visual perception of lateral instability. During normal walking we found that a history of falls (but not age) was associated with reduced motor module complexity and that age (but not a history of falls) was associated with increased step-to-step variability of module recruitment timing. Furthermore, motor module complexity was unaltered in the presence of optical flow perturbations. The specific effects of a history of falls on leg muscle recruitment included an absence and/or inability to independently recruit motor modules normally recruited to perform biomechanical functions important for walking balance control. These results suggest that fallers do not recruit the appropriate motor modules necessary for well-coordinated walking balance control even in the presence of perturbations. The identified changes in the modular control of walking balance in older fallers may either represent a neural deficit that leads to poor balance control or a prior history of falls that results in a compensatory motor adaptation. In either case, our study provides initial evidence that a reduced motor repertoire in older adult fallers may be a constraint on their ability to appropriately respond to balance challenges during walking.NEW & NOTEWORTHY This is the first study to demonstrate a reduced motor repertoire during walking in older adults with a history of falls but without any overt neurological deficits. Furthermore, using virtual reality during walking to elicit the visual perception of lateral instability, we provide initial evidence that a reduced motor repertoire in older adult fallers may be a constraint on their ability to appropriately respond to balance challenges during walking.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on understanding the changes in neuromuscular control and motor module complexity in older adults with a history of falls, particularly during walking and in the presence of balance perturbations. While it uses virtual reality to elicit the visual perception of lateral instability, the study is not about using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The study aims to analyze the motor repertoire and its impact on balance, rather than testing an exergame intervention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Almajid, R., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Effects of wearing a head-mounted display during a standard clinical test of dynamic balance.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 85: 78-83.
[Abstract] Background: The use of virtual reality (VR) in clinical settings has increased with the introduction of affordable, easy-to-use head-mounted displays (HMDs). However, some have raised concerns about the effects that HMDs have on posture and locomotion, even without the projection of a virtual scene, which may be different across ages. Research question: How does HMD wear impact the kinematic measures in younger and older adults? Methods: Twelve healthy young and sixteen older adults participated in two testing conditions: 1) TUG with no HMD and 2) TUG with an HMD displaying a scene of the actual environment (TUGHMD). The dependent variables were the pitch, yaw, and roll peak trunk velocities (PTVs) in each TUG component, turning cadence, and the time to complete the TUG and its components ? SIT-TO-STAND, TURN, WALK, and STAND-TO-SIT. Results: Wearing the HMD decreased turning cadence and pitch and yaw PTVs in all TUG components, decreased roll PTV in SIT-TO-STAND and TURN, and increased the time taken to complete all TUG components in all participants. Wearing the HMD decreased the pitch PTV in SIT-TO-STAND in older relative to younger adults. Wearing an HMD affected TUG performance in younger and older adults, which should be considered when an HMD is used for VR applications in rehabilitation. Significance: Our findings highlight the importance of considering the physical effect of HMD wear in clinical testing, which may not be present with non-wearable VR technologies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older adults and the use of a head-mounted display (HMD) during a balance test, it does not describe an exergame intervention. The study focuses on the effects of wearing an HMD on kinematic measures during a standard clinical test of dynamic balance, rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Almajid, R., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Visual dependence affects the motor behavior of older adults during the Timed Up and Go (TUG) test.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF GERONTOLOGY AND GERIATRICS 87.
[Abstract] Background: Older adults show greater postural instabilities under misleading visual cues relative to younger adults. We investigated the effects of age-related visual dependence on motor performance under increased attention demands by adding a motor task and visual stimulus to the Timed Up and Go (TUG) test sub-components.Method: We designed a cross-sectional quantitative study. Twenty-eight younger (n = 12) and older (n = 16) adults completed the TUG test while wearing a head-mounted display (HMD) that presented a visual stimulus and/or carrying a cup of water. Outcome measures were turning cadence; gait speed; pitch, yaw, and roll peak trunk velocities (PTVs); and acceleration ranges of sit-to-stand and stand-to-sit.Results: Wearing the HMD caused significant performance differences in the TUG test tasks due to age and visual dependence, although performance was lower across all groups with the HMD (p < 0.01). Older adults showed lower roll PTV in turning compared to younger adults (p = 0.03). Visually dependent older adults showed smaller mediolateral and vertical acceleration ranges (p < 0.04) in sit-to-stand compared to visually independent older adults.Conclusion: The demand for orienting posture to a vertical position during sit-to-stand may differentiate older adults who are more visually dependent-and thus at greater fall risk-from those who are more visually independent. Age-related differences in turning behavior suggest a relationship with fall risk that warrants further investigation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older adults and a head-mounted display (HMD) that presents a visual stimulus, the study is a cross-sectional quantitative study, not a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the focus is on investigating the effects of visual dependence on motor performance during the Timed Up and Go (TUG) test, rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls.

[Author]   Alqarni, T. A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Prevalence of screen time use and its relationship with obesity, sleep quality, and parental knowledge of related guidelines: A study on children and adolescents attending Primary Healthcare Centers in the Makkah Region.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF FAMILY AND COMMUNITY MEDICINE 29(1): 24-33.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Since the use of handheld electronic devises is prevalent among people of all ages, health organizations have specified appropriate screen times for the different age groups. The aim of this study was to investigate the prevalence of screen use and its association with sleep quality and obesity.MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted on people attending three Primary Healthcare Centers in the Makkah region between January and October 2019. The three-part questionnaire filled by parents collected data on sociodemographics, parental knowledge of guidelines, and asleep quality. Data were analyzed using STATA 14.2. For continuous variables, groups were compared using t-test; Pearson Chi-squared test or Fisher's exact test, as appropriate, was employed for categorical variables.RESULTS: A total of 450 individuals completed the questionnaire. Children 2-12 years old spent more time and used phones, tablets, and television (TV) more frequently, while those younger than 2 or older than 12 used phones and TVs more than other devices. High body mass index was associated with the daily usage of electronic devices. Fewer hours of sleep, longer time to fall sleep, and longer hours in bed were associated with the usage of all electronic devices. Furthermore, a good knowledge of the maximum time allowed for children and teenagers and content scoring system was associated with hours slept per night, and low knowledge was associated with higher frequency of using electronic devices.CONCLUSION: Children spent long periods using electronic devices, and despite knowing the guidelines, parents still allowed their children to exceed the time acceptable for the use of electronic devices, which could lead to future social problems.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the prevalence of screen time use and its relationship with obesity, sleep quality, and parental knowledge of related guidelines among children and adolescents. It does not meet the criteria for targeting older people, using exergames as an intervention, or conducting randomized controlled trials focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   AlSharif, D. S., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Electrodermal and postural responses in dizzy adults: Diagnostic indicators of vestibular migraine.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF VESTIBULAR RESEARCH-EQUILIBRIUM & ORIENTATION 33(1): 51-62.
[Abstract] INTRODUCTION: No reliable biometric measurement of vestibular involvement with migraine is currently available.OBJECTIVE: Measures of autonomic nervous system and postural responses could serve as quantifiable indicators of vestibular involvement with migraine.METHODS: A convenience sample of 22 young healthy adults (34 +/- 9 years old) and 23 young adults (34 +/- 8 years old) diagnosed with vestibular migraine (VM) participated. A rod and frame test and clinical outcome measures of dizziness and mobility were administered. Participants stood on foam while viewing two dynamic virtual environments. Trunk acceleration in three planes and electrodermal activity (EDA) were assessed with wearable sensors. Linear mixed models were used to examine magnitude and smoothness of trunk acceleration and tonic and phasicEDA. AWelch's t-test and associations between measures were assessed with a Pearson Correlation Coefficient. Effect sizes of group mean differences were calculated using Cohen's d.RESULTS: Visual dependencewas present in 83% of theVMpopulation. Individuals withVMexhibited lower baseline EDA (t(4.17) = -7.2, p = 0.001) and greater normalized trunk accelerations in the vertical (t(42.5) = 2.861, p = 0.006) and medial (t(46.6) = 2.65, p = 0.01) planes than healthy participants. Tonic EDA activity increased significantly across the period of the trial (F (1,417) = 23.31, p = 0.001) in the VM group. Significant associations appeared between vertical trunk acceleration and EDA, Dizziness Handicap Inventory, and Activities of Balance Confidence tools.CONCLUSIONS: Higher tonic EDA activity in healthy adults results in more accurate postural reactions. Results support the supposition that EDA activity and postural acceleration are significantly different between VM and healthy individuals when accommodating for postural instability and visual-vestibular conflict.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on electrodermal and postural responses in young adults with vestibular migraine, using virtual environments to assess these responses. It does not meet the criteria for targeting older people, using exergames as an intervention, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Altorfer, P., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Feasibility of Cognitive-Motor Exergames in Geriatric Inpatient Rehabilitation: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Study.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 13.
[Abstract] Objective: The aim of this pilot randomized clinical trial was to test the feasibility and efficacy of an exergame-based cognitive-motor training program in geriatric inpatients.Methods: The study participants were randomly allocated to either the exergame intervention group or the control group. The control group received the standard rehabilitation treatment offered in the clinic. In addition to the standard rehabilitation program, the intervention group conducted supervised exergame training on 5 days per week using the Dividat Senso, an exergame system specifically designed for older adults. The primary outcome was feasibility, as measured by e.g., adherence rate, attrition rate, occurrence of adverse events, System Usability Scale (SUS) and NASA-TLX score. Secondary outcomes included measures of physical and cognitive functioning such as comfortable walking speed, maximal walking speed, dual task walking speed, Short Physical Performance Battery (SPPB), Timed Up and Go test (TUG), Color-Word Interference test (D-KEFS), Trail Making test A and B (TMT), Go/No-Go test and Step Reaction Time test (SRTT). All secondary outcome measures were assessed pre- and post-intervention.Results: Thirty-nine persons were included in the study. Average adherence rate was 99%, there were no intervention-related dropouts and no adverse events. The mean System Usability Scale (SUS) score was 83.6 and the mean NASA-TLX score 45.5. Significant time-group interaction effects were found for the dual task walking speed, the Go/No-Go test and Step Reaction Time test (SRTT).Conclusion: Exergaming is a feasible, safe and effective cognitive-motor training approach in inpatient rehabilitation of geriatric patients. Incorporating exergaming in the rehabilitation program of geriatric patients offers potential to reduce fall risk factors and to increase patients' exercise motivation and rehabilitation success.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation:
- The intervention targets older people (geriatric inpatients), which meets the first criterion.
- The intervention involves an exergame (Dividat Senso), which meets the second criterion.
- The study is a randomized controlled trial, and the results are reported, which meets the third criterion.. However, the primary outcome of the study is feasibility, and the paper does not focus on the prevention of falls. Instead, it primarily assesses the feasibility and efficacy of the exergame-based cognitive-motor training program. Therefore, the paper is not specifically about using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ambrens, M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Effect of eHealth-delivered exercise programmes on balance in people aged 65 years and over living in the community: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
[Journal]  BMJ OPEN 12(6).
[Abstract] Introduction Exercise that challenges balance is proven to prevent falls in community-dwelling older people, yet widespread implementation and uptake of effective programmes is low. This systematic review and meta-analysis synthesised the evidence and evaluated the effect of eHealth-delivered exercise programmes compared with control on balance in community-dwelling people aged >= 65 years. Methods Nine databases including MEDLINE, CINAHL and Embase, were searched from inception to January 2022 to identify randomised controlled trials evaluating eHealth-delivered exercise programmes for community-dwelling people aged >= 65 years, published in English that included a balance outcome. Primary outcomes were static and dynamic balance. Secondary outcomes included fall risk and fear of falling. We calculated standardised mean differences (SMDs, Hedges' g) with 95% CIs from random effects meta-analyses. Results We identified 14 eligible studies that included 1180 participants. Methodological quality ranged from 3 to 8 (mean, 5). The pooled effect indicated that eHealth-delivered exercise programmes have a medium significant effect on static balance (11 studies; SMD=0.62, 95% CI 0.27 to 0.72) with very low-quality evidence. There was small statistically significant effect on dynamic balance (14 studies; SMD=0.42, 95% CI 0.11 to 0.73) with very low-quality evidence, and fall risk (5 studies; SMD=0.32, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.64) with moderate-quality evidence. No significant effect of eHealth programmes on fear of falling was found (four studies; SMD=0.10, 95% CI -0.05 to 0.24; high-quality evidence). Conclusion This review provides preliminary evidence that eHealth-delivered exercise programmes improved balance and reduced fall risk in people aged >= 65 years. There is still uncertainty regarding the effect of eHealth delivered exercise programmes on fear of falling. PROSPERO registration number CRD42018115098.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation: The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria of being an original randomized controlled trial. Additionally, while it includes eHealth-delivered exercise programs, it is not specifically focused on exergames. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ambrens, M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    The effect of eHealth-based falls prevention programmes on balance in people aged 65 years and over living in the community: protocol for a systematic review of randomised controlled trials.
[Journal]  BMJ OPEN 10(1).
[Abstract] IntroductionBetween 20% and 28% of community-dwelling older people experience a fall each year. Falls can result in significant personal and socioeconomic costs, and are the leading cause of admission to hospital for an older person in Australia. Exercise interventions that target balance are the most effective for preventing falls in community-dwellers; however, greater accessibility of effective programmes is needed. As technology has become more accessible, its use as a tool for supporting and promoting health and well-being of individuals has been explored. Little is known about the effectiveness of eHealth technologies to deliver fall prevention interventions. This protocol describes a systematic review with meta-analysis that aims to evaluate the effect of eHealth fall prevention interventions compared with usual care control on balance in people aged 65 years and older living in the community.Methods and analysisWe will perform a systematic search of the following electronic databases: MEDLINE, CINAHL Complete, Embase and PsychINFO and citation search of Scopus, Web of Science, PubMed Central, Cochrane Database Central and PEDro for randomised controlled trials that use an eHealth technology to deliver a fall prevention intervention to community-dwellers aged >= 65 years, that are published in English, and include a balance outcome (primary outcome). The screening and selection of articles for review will be undertaken by two independent reviewers. The PEDro scale and Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development and Evaluations will be used to assess study quality. The results will be synthesised descriptively, and if sufficient data are available and the studies are not overly heterogeneous, a meta-analysis will be conducted using the random effects model.Ethics and disseminationAs this will be a systematic review, without involvement of human participants, there will be no requirement for ethical approval. The results of this systematic review will be disseminated through peer-reviewed publications, conference presentations and dissemination to policymakers and consumers to maximise health impact.PROSPERO registration numberCRD42018115098.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not include original data from randomized controlled trials. It aims to evaluate the effect of eHealth-based falls prevention programs on balance in people aged 65 years and over. While it mentions eHealth technologies, it does not specifically focus on exergames, and it does not report results from an original study. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ames, T. D., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Clinical assessment tools identify functional deficits in fragility fracture patients.
[Journal]  CLINICAL INTERVENTIONS IN AGING 11.
[Abstract] Purpose: To identify inexpensive, noninvasive, portable, clinical assessment tools that can be used to assess functional performance measures that may put older patients at risk for falls such as balance, handgrip strength, and lumbopelvic control.Patients and methods: Twenty fragility fracture patients and 21 healthy control subjects were evaluated using clinical assessment tools (Nintendo Wii Balance Board [WBB], a handheld dynamometer, and an application for the Apple iPod Touch, the Level Belt) that measure functional performance during activity of daily living tasks. The main outcome measurements were balance (WBB), handgrip strength (handheld dynamometer), and lumbopelvic control (iPod Touch Level Belt), which were compared between fragility fracture patients and healthy controls.Results: Fragility fracture patients had lower scores on the vertical component of the WBB Torso Twist task (P=0.042) and greater medial-lateral lumbopelvic sway during a 40 m walk (P=0.026) when compared to healthy controls. Unexpectedly, the fracture patients had significantly higher scores on the left leg (P=0.020) and total components (P=0.010) of the WBB Single Leg Stand task as well as less faults during the left Single Leg Stand task (P=0.003).Conclusion: The clinical assessment tools utilized in this study are relatively inexpensive and portable tools of performance measures capable of detecting differences in postural sway between fragility fracture patients and controls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of clinical assessment tools, including the Nintendo Wii Balance Board, a handheld dynamometer, and an application for the Apple iPod Touch, to evaluate functional performance measures in fragility fracture patients and healthy controls. While the Nintendo Wii Balance Board is an exergame component, the study does not describe an intervention aimed at preventing falls through exergames. Instead, it uses these tools to assess balance, handgrip strength, and lumbopelvic control. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Amirpourabasi, A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Nonlinear Dynamic Measures of Walking in Healthy Older Adults: A Systematic Scoping Review.
[Journal]  SENSORS 22(12).
[Abstract] Background: Maintaining a healthy gait into old age is key to preserving the quality of life and reducing the risk of falling. Nonlinear dynamic analyses (NDAs) are a promising method of identifying characteristics of people who are at risk of falling based on their movement patterns. However, there is a range of NDA measures reported in the literature. The aim of this review was to summarise the variety, characteristics and range of the nonlinear dynamic measurements used to distinguish the gait kinematics of healthy older adults and older adults at risk of falling. Methods: Medline Ovid and Web of Science databases were searched. Forty-six papers were included for full-text review. Data extracted included participant and study design characteristics, fall risk assessment tools, analytical protocols and key results. Results: Among all nonlinear dynamic measures, Lyapunov Exponent (LyE) was most common, followed by entropy and then Fouquet Multipliers (FMs) measures. LyE and Multiscale Entropy (MSE) measures distinguished between older and younger adults and fall-prone versus non-fall-prone older adults. FMs were a less sensitive measure for studying changes in older adults' gait. Methodology and data analysis procedures for estimating nonlinear dynamic measures differed greatly between studies and are a potential source of variability in cross-study comparisons and in generating reference values. Conclusion: Future studies should develop a standard procedure to apply and estimate LyE and entropy to quantify gait characteristics. This will enable the development of reference values in estimating the risk of falling.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic scoping review that focuses on summarizing nonlinear dynamic measures of walking in healthy older adults and those at risk of falling. It does not describe an intervention using exergames, nor does it report the results of randomized controlled trials. The paper aims to provide an overview of the different nonlinear dynamic measures used in the literature, rather than testing a specific intervention.

[Author]   Amiss, E. and M. Cottrell (2022). 
[Title]    Evaluation of a Novel Step Training Mobile App Intervention in Cardiopulmonary Rehabilitation: A Single-Arm Prospective Cohort Study.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 11(5): 330-336.
[Abstract] Objective: To establish the usability, acceptability, safety, and exercise adherence of a step training mobile app.Design: A single-arm prospective cohort study.Setting: Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital, Australia.Subjects: Twenty-six cardiopulmonary rehabilitation participants.Intervention: Twelve weeks of step training using the mobile app Clock Yourself. Participants used Clock Yourself at home and during cardiopulmonary rehabilitation sessions, prescribed for a total of 15-20 minutes three times a week.Main Measures: The primary outcomes of interest were usability and acceptability and were measured using the System Usability Scale (SUS) and Attitudes to Falls-Related Interventions Scale (AFRIS) questionnaire, respectively. Safety and adherence were measured by self-report and participant diary, respectively. Secondary outcomes measuring changes in stepping, gait, balance, and physical performance included Manual test of Choice Stepping Reaction Time (CSRT-M), Short Physical Performance Battery (SPPB), Gait speed with and without a cognitive dual task (DT) and Timed Up and Go with and without a cognitive DT (TUG and TUGcog).Results: Twenty-one participants completed the study. Clock Yourself was considered highly useable (SUS [median] = 82.5/100; interquartile range [IQR, 67.5-95], equating to an "A" rating [A-F scale]) and acceptable (AFRIS [median] = 38/42 [IQR, 31-41]). Participants practiced Clock Yourself for a median of 18.29 minutes per week and no adverse events were reported. At 12 weeks, mean change in CSRT-M, SPPB, gait speed, DT gait speed, TUG, and TUGcog were all statistically significant (P < 0.01).Conclusion: Twelve weeks of mobile app-based step training was safe and considered usable and acceptable by participants. On average, participants did not meet the prescribed practice dosage. Statistically significant changes were observed in all physical measures; however, results are confounded by participation in cardiopulmonary rehabilitation and lack of control group.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it involves a mobile app (Clock Yourself) that could be considered an exergame, the intervention is focused on cardiopulmonary rehabilitation participants, and the primary outcomes are usability, acceptability, safety, and exercise adherence. The study is also a single-arm prospective cohort study, not a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the focus is not specifically on preventing falls in the elderly, but rather on general physical measures and cardiopulmonary rehabilitation.

[Author]   Ammar, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effects of board games on balance in association with cognition in community-dwelling older adults.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MUSCULOSKELETAL SURGERY AND RESEARCH 8(3): 256-263.
[Abstract] Objectives: Falls among the elderly are a prevalent concern. Maintaining balance and preventing falls necessitate cognitive processes, such as information processing speed and executive functions. The objective was to determine the impacts of board games on cognition, balance, and risk of falls among community-dwelling elders. Methods: Sixty-four elders aged 65 years and above, with mini-mental state examination (MMSE), scores above 26 and Berg balance scale (BBS) scores between 41 and 52, were recruited with a sample size of 64 divided into two groups, 32 in each group. Participants were randomized through the sealed envelope technique into experimental (engaging in board games) and control groups (not involved in board game activity). The BBS, MMSE, timed upand-go test (TUGT), and dynamic gait index (DGI) were assessed at baseline, four weeks, and eight weeks. Results: Participants engaging in board games (mean age 69.93 +/- 4.77) demonstrated significant improvements in cognition, with MMSE scores increasing from 26.8 +/- 0.83 at baseline to 28.6 +/- 0.74 after eight weeks (P < 0.001). BBS scores enhanced from 47.2 +/- 1.84 to 49.8 +/- 5.15 (P < 0.001), DGI scores improved from 19.65 +/- 1.49 to 21.37 +/- 1.47 (P < 0.001), and TUGT scores decreased from 10.40 +/- 0.69 to 10.22 +/- 0.67 (P < 0.001). Mixed analysis of variance revealed significant differences between experimental and control groups for MMSE (P < 0.001), BBS (P < 0.001), DGI (P < 0.001), and TUGT (P < 0.001). Conclusion: The eight-week interactive physical-cognitive training program involving board games was found to enhance cognitive performance, mobility, and balance and decrease fall risk among the elderly
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of board games, not exergames, to improve balance and cognitive function in older adults. While the intervention targets older people and the study includes a randomized controlled trial, the intervention itself (board games) does not meet the criteria for being an exergame. Exergames typically involve virtual reality, video games, or other forms of electronic games that require physical activity.

[Author]   An, Y. and C. Park (2022). 
[Title]    The effects of virtual soccer game on balance, gait function, and kick speed in chronic incomplete spinal cord injury: a randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  SPINAL CORD 60(6): 504-509.
[Abstract] Study design Participant-blinded comparative pre-post randomized controlled trial. Objective To evaluate the effects of virtual soccer game on balance, gait function, and kick speed in individuals with spinal cord injuries. Setting Forty participants with incomplete spinal cord injury (SCI) were included. Methods The participants were randomized into either an experimental group (EG) or a control group for treatment 3 days/week over 4 weeks. The clinical outcomes included the results of the chair stand test (CST), timed up-and-go (TUG) test, and 10 m walking test (10MWT). The virtual reality (VR) content outcome measure was kick speed. Results The independent t-test results indicated that the participants in the EG exhibited superior performances in the CST, TUG test, 10MWT, and kick speed test (all P < 0.05). Conclusions Our results provide novel, promising clinical evidence that VR rehabilitation improves both dynamic and static balance and reduces the risk of falls in patients with incomplete SCI of Asia impairment scale grades C-D.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a virtual soccer game to improve balance, gait function, and kick speed in individuals with chronic incomplete spinal cord injury. While it does involve an exergame (virtual reality) and reports the results of a randomized controlled trial, the intervention targets individuals with spinal cord injuries, not older people. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Anbarasi, A. and T. Ravi (2022). 
[Title]    Detection and classification of arrhythmia type using hybrid model of LSTM with convolutional neural network.
[Journal]  APPLIED NANOSCIENCE.
[Abstract] Electrocardiogram is a signal which characterizes the activity of the heart in non-stationary form. It measures heartbeat of a patience in pathological patterns and also provides information about the mental stress. In recent years, more than 31% world populations were died due to the cardiovascular disease (CVD). Out of which 85% were because of heart attack. The standard diagnosis methods for CVD will be depends on clinical and medical history of patient which requires large amount of data and a medical expertise to analysis the data. To overcome these difficulties, an enhanced version of the automatic detection and classification of classes of arrhythmia using hybrid model of long short-term memory (LSTM) with convolutional neural network has been proposed in this article. Three important features namely Lomb-Scargle power spectral density, number of occurrence and amplitude strength of QRS segment, number of occurrence and amplitude strength of PR interval are trained initially using CNN network. Later these trained features are applied to the LSTM network for the classification of different classes of arrhythmia signal. The dataset used for simulation purpose consists of 599 samples with 360 Hz sampling rate. The ECG signals are recorded from 45 different patients who exhibit different classes of arrhythmia. Out of 45 patients 26 were male falls in the age group of 32 to 89 and remaining 19 dataset from female with the age group of 23 to 89. Result concludes that the proposed network attains the accuracy rate of 94% with specificity value reached 99%. It also enhanced F1 score, Precision and Sensitivity value of 94% with least misclassification rate of 6% The proposed algorithm is superior to other methodology since it includes the spectral density of the ECG signal, number of occurrence of peaks are also considered in the detection and classification of arrhythmia classes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the detection and classification of arrhythmia using a hybrid model of LSTM with a convolutional neural network. It does not target older people specifically, nor does it involve exergames or any form of physical activity intervention. The focus is on the use of machine learning techniques to analyze ECG signals, which is unrelated to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Andac, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Navigation performance in glaucoma: virtual-reality-based assessment of path integration.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 14(1).
[Abstract] Navigation is essential for moving between locations in our daily lives. We investigated the relationship between visual impairment in glaucoma and path-integration-based navigation. Fourteen glaucoma and 15 controls underwent ophthalmological examination (including visual acuity (logMAR), visual field sensitivity (MD: mean deviation from matched reference cohort), and peripapillary retinal nerve fiber layer (pRNFL)). Both groups navigated physically in virtual reality (VR) environments during daylight and dawn conditions. Briefly, the participants traversed a path marked by three targets, subsequently pointing back to the path's origin. Outcome measures included (i) travel-time, (ii) pointing-time, and (iii) Euclidian-distance error between indicated and starting position. Robust linear regression was conducted between visual function outcomes of the better eye and VR outcome measures. Glaucoma patients showed increase in travel-time (by 8.2 +/- 1.7 s; p = 0.002) and in pointing-time (by 5.3 +/- 1.6 s; p = 0.016). Predictors were MD for all outcome measures (p < 0.01) and pRNFL for travel-time (p < 0.01). The results suggest that the effect of glaucoma on the elapsed time depends on disease progression, i.e. people with stronger visual impairment need more time. This uncertainty during everyday navigation tasks may adversely affect their quality of life.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality to assess navigation performance in individuals with glaucoma, but it does not focus on using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study's primary aim is to investigate the relationship between visual impairment in glaucoma and path-integration-based navigation, rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the participants are not specifically described as older people, and the study does not report a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Andersen, S. A., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Learning Curves of Virtual Mastoidectomy in Distributed and Massed Practice.
[Journal]  JAMA OTOLARYNGOLOGY-HEAD & NECK SURGERY 141(10): 913-918.
[Abstract] IMPORTANCE Repeated and deliberate practice is crucial in surgical skills training, and virtual reality (VR) simulation can provide self-directed training of basic surgical skills to meet the individual needs of the trainee. Assessment of the learning curves of surgical procedures is pivotal in understanding skills acquisition and best-practice implementation and organization of training.OBJECTIVE To explore the learning curves of VR simulation training of mastoidectomy and the effects of different practice sequences with the aim of proposing the optimal organization of training.DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS A prospective trial with a 2 x 2 design was conducted at an academic teaching hospital. Participants included 43 novice medical students. Of these, 21 students completed time-distributed practice from October 14 to November 29, 2013, and a separate group of 19 students completed massed practice on May 16, 17, or 18, 2014. Data analysis was performed from June 6, 2014, to March 3, 2015.INTERVENTIONS Participants performed 12 repeated virtual mastoidectomies using a temporal bone surgical simulator in either a distributed (practice blocks spaced in time) or massed (all practice in 1 day) training program with randomization for simulator-integrated tutoring during the first 5 sessions.MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Performance was assessed using a modified Welling Scale for final product analysis by 2 blinded senior otologists.RESULTS Compared with the 19 students in the massed practice group, the 21 students in the distributed practice group were older (mean age, 25.1 years), more often male (15 [62%]), and had slightly higher mean gaming frequency (2.3 on a 1-5 Likert scale). Learning curves were established and distributed practice was found to be superior to massed practice, reported as mean end score (95% CI) of 15.7 (14.4-17.0) in distributed practice vs 13.0 (11.9-14.1) with massed practice (P = .002). Simulator-integrated tutoring accelerated the initial performance, with mean score for tutored sessions of 14.6 (13.9-15.2) vs 13.4 (12.8-14.0) for corresponding nontutored sessions (P < .01) but at the cost of a drop in performance once tutoring ceased. The performance drop was less with distributed practice, suggesting a protective effect when acquired skills were consolidated over time. The mean performance of the nontutored participants in the distributed practice group plateaued on a score of 16.0 (15.3-16.7) at approximately the ninth repetition, but the individual learning curves were highly variable.CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Novices can acquire basic mastoidectomy competencies with self-directed VR simulation training. Training should be organized with distributed practice, and simulator-integrated tutoring can be useful to accelerate the initial learning curve. Practice should be deliberate and toward a standard set level of proficiency that remains to be defined rather than toward the mean learning curve plateau.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the learning curves of virtual mastoidectomy in medical students using a temporal bone surgical simulator. The intervention targets novice medical students, not older people, and the context is surgical skills training, not fall prevention.

[Author]   Andjelic, B., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Video Gaming Reduces Circulating Creatine Levels in Young Male E-Gamers.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ENDOCRINOLOGY AND METABOLISM 14(1): 59-62.
[Abstract] Background: No studies so far assessed whether acute video gaming affects creatine metabolism, a metabolic pathway critical in replen-ishing immediate energy for cells and tissues with high and intermit-tent energy fluctuations. In this study, we explored whether a single session of prolonged video gaming alters circulating biomarkers of creatine metabolism in young male e-gamers.Methods: A total of 12 young men (age 25.6 +/- 3.8 years) signed an informed consent to volunteer in this quasi-experimental before-after pilot trial. Each participant took part in a single 6-h session of com-petitive online ranked matches in a popular tactical first-person shoot-ing game.Results: A 6-h video gaming session resulted in a statistically signifi-cant drop in serum creatine levels (from 27.6 +/- 7.5 mu mol/L at baseline to 22.9 +/- 8.3 mu mol/L at follow-up; P = 0.029). The mean reduction in serum creatine was 4.70 mu mol/L (95% confidence interval (CI): -2.3 to 11.7), with a moderate-to-large effect size (d = 0.59). Serum creati-nine concentrations tended to drop after the gaming session from 88.1 +/- 15.5 to 78.2 +/- 19.8 mu mol/L (P = 0.077).Conclusion: Our findings indicate that creatine homeostasis is sensi-tive to video gaming perhaps owing to more creatine from the cir-culation utilized as an energy source for active tissues, including the brain.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of a single session of prolonged video gaming on creatine metabolism in young male e-gamers. It does not meet the criteria for the intervention targets (older people), the type of intervention (exergames), or the specific outcome (fall prevention). Additionally, the study is a quasi-experimental before-after pilot trial, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Andrews, B., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Development of Functional Electrical Stimulation Rowing: The Rowstim Series.
[Journal]  ARTIFICIAL ORGANS 41(11): E203-E212.
[Abstract] Potentially, functional electrical stimulation (FES)-assisted exercise may have an important therapeutic role in reducing comorbidities associated with spinal cord injury (SCI). Here, we present an overview of these secondary life-threatening conditions, discuss the rationale behind the development of a hybrid exercise called FES rowing, and describe our experience in developing FES rowing technology. FES rowing and sculling are unique forms of adaptive rowing for those with SCI. The paralyzed leg musculature is activated by multiple channels of electrical pulses delivered via self-adhesive electrodes attached to the skin. The stimulated muscle contractions are synchronized with voluntary rowing movements of the upper limbs. A range of steady-state FES rowing exercise intensities have been demonstrated from 15.2 +/- 1.8 mL/kg/min in tetraplegia to 22.9 +/- 7.1 mL/kg/min in paraplegia. We expect that such high levels may help some to achieve significant reductions in the risks to their health, particularly where a dose-response relationship exists as is the case for cardiovascular disease and Type II diabetes. Furthermore, preliminary results suggest that cyclical forces more than 1.5 times body weight are imposed on the leg long bones which may help to reduce the risk of fragility fractures. We have demonstrated the feasibility of FES rowing on land and water using adapted rowing technology that includes; a fixed stretcher indoor ergometer (adapted Concept 2, Model E), a floating stretcher indoor ergometer (adapted Concept 2 Dynamic), a turbine powered water rowing tank, a custom hydraulic sculling simulator and a single scull (adapted Alden 16). This has involved volunteers with paraplegia and tetraplegia with SCI ranging from C4 to T12 AIS A using at least 4-channels of surface electrical stimulation. FES rowers, with SCI, have competed alongside non-SCI rowers over the Olympic distance of 2000 m at the British Indoor Rowing Championships in 2004, 2005, and 2006 and the World Indoor Rowing Championships in 2006 (CRASH-B's) in Boston, MA, USA. The best 2000 m FES rowing performance to date has been achieved by a 23-year-old male, Tom Aggar T12 AIS A, in 10 min 28 s. Moreover, two of our FES rowers with complete paraplegia have gone on to successfully compete in the Adaptive Rowing arms-only category (AM1x) at the World Rowing Championships and Paralympic Games.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets individuals with spinal cord injury (SCI) and involves functional electrical stimulation (FES) rowing, which is a form of adaptive exercise. The focus is on reducing comorbidities associated with SCI, and there is no mention of older people or the prevention of falls. Additionally, the paper does not describe a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Ang, W. J. J., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Validating the Use of Smartphone-Based Accelerometers for Performance Assessment in a Simulated Neurosurgical Task.
[Journal]  OPERATIVE NEUROSURGERY 10(1): 57-64.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Reductions in working hours affect training opportunities for surgeons. Surgical simulation is increasingly proposed to help bridge the resultant training gap. For simulation training to translate effectively into the operating theater, acquisition of technical proficiency must be objectively assessed. Evaluating "economy of movement" is one way to achieve this.OBJECTIVE: We sought to validate a practical and economical method of assessing economy of movement during a simulated task. We hypothesized that accelerometers, found in smartphones, provide quantitative, objective feedback when attached to a neurosurgeon's wrists.METHODS: Subjects (n=25) included consultants, senior registrars, junior registrars, junior doctors, and medical students. Total resultant acceleration (TRA), average resultant acceleration, and movements with acceleration >0.6g (suprathreshold acceleration events) were recorded while subjects performed a simulated dural closure task.RESULTS: Students recorded an average TRA 97.0 +/- 31.2 ms(-2) higher than senior registrars (P=.03) and 103 +/- 31.2 ms(-2) higher than consultants (P=.02). Similarly, junior doctors accrued an average TRA 181 +/- 31.2 ms(-2) higher than senior registrars (P<.001) and 187 +/- 31.2 ms(-2) higher than consultants (P<.001). Significant correlations were observed between surgical outcome (as measured by quality of dural closure) and both TRA (r=.44, P<.001) and number of suprathreshold acceleration events (r=.33, P<.001). TRA (219 +/- 66.6 ms(-2); P=.01) and number of suprathreshold acceleration events (127 +/- 42.5; P=.02) dropped between the first and fourth trials for junior doctors, suggesting procedural learning. TRA was 45.4 +/- 17.1 ms(-2) higher in the dominant hand for students (P=.04) and 57.2 +/- 17.1 ms(-2) for junior doctors (P=.005), contrasting with even TRA distribution between hands (acquired ambidexterity) in senior groups.CONCLUSION: Data from smartphone-based accelerometers show construct validity as an adjunct for assessing technical performance during simulation training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about validating the use of smartphone-based accelerometers for assessing performance in a simulated neurosurgical task. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not focused on preventing falls in the elderly. The study involves surgical trainees and medical students, and it aims to assess technical proficiency in a simulated surgical task.

[Author]   Anghelescu, A. (2022). 
[Title]    Telerehabilitation: A Practical Remote Alternative for Coaching and Monitoring Physical Kinetic Therapy in Patients with Mild and Moderate Disabling Parkinson's Disease during the COVID-19 Pandemic.
[Journal]  PARKINSONS DISEASE 2022.
[Abstract] Background. The COVID-19 pandemic imposed social/physical distancing, lockdown measures, and forced reorientation of the rehabilitation programs for people with Parkinson's disease (PD). Epidemiologic safety measures boosted remote exercise-based treatment. Objectives. Remote delivery of rehabilitation care services is not typically used in our department. Therefore, this study aimed to assess and implement a telehealth physical rehabilitation program tailored for outpatients with idiopathic PD and slight or medium functional limitations. Methods. A prospective study was performed on a group of outpatients with idiopathic PD, selected from the database of the neurorehabilitation clinic of the Emergency Teaching Hospital "Bagdasar-Arseni." We studied 17 patients (5 women and 12 men), aged between 54-70 years (average 65.9 +/- 4.87), with a disease history of 7.3 +/- 3.6 (years), with mild or moderate disabling clinical forms, quantified by an average Hoehn and Yahr score of 2.3 +/- 0.35 (limits 1.5-3). All patients underwent pharmacologic treatment with unchanged doses throughout the study. No patients had disabling osteoarticular problems (all could walk independently) and had no significant psycho-cognitive dysfunction. Patients were supervised and coached online in tandem by the therapist and physician. In addition, a family member assisted and supervised the patient's performance and coordinated the technical electronic procedures. Walking biodynamics was assessed by timing "6-meters walking" and "Get up and walk 3 meters" (TUG) tests. Each person attended ten sessions of motor telerehabilitation procedures (2 per week) lasting 50 minutes each during social distancing (October-December 2021). Results. None of the patients was at increased risk of falling. They all improved their locomotor performance, reflected in a significant decrease in TUG duration (the initial average time improved from 13.50 seconds to 10.57). The telerehabilitation program also significantly improved the average walking speed (initially, 44.5 cm/sec and finally, it raised to 56.8 cm/sec). Discussion. The TUG and "6-meters walking" tests are helpful tools for a global biodynamic remote assessment of PD patients. Limitations of the study: a small group of selected patients, restrictive working conditions (due to epidemiological social/physical restrictions and no direct physiotherapist-patient contact), and need for supervision by an attendant to assist the subject and perform the audio-video transmission. Further studies are necessary to identify the optimal web-based model of care and boost the implementation of this modern neurorehabilitation concept. Conclusions. Telemedicine turned the virtual space into a new reality and may compensate for the restrictions imposed on face-to-face meetings in pandemic conditions. Moreover, with modern telecommunication techniques, a regular and individualized physical kinetic rehabilitation program can be performed even in pandemic conditions. Remote delivery of kinetic motor programs was appropriate for selected groups of PD patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using telerehabilitation for patients with Parkinson's disease, focusing on a remote physical rehabilitation program. While the intervention does target older people and involves remote coaching and monitoring of physical therapy, it does not specifically use exergames (such as virtual reality, video games, or electronic games). The study also reports the results of a prospective study, but it is not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Appel, L., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Evaluating the Impact of Virtual Reality on the Behavioral and Psychological Symptoms of Dementia and Quality of Life of Inpatients With Dementia in Acute Care: Randomized Controlled Trial (VRCT).
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INTERNET RESEARCH 26.
[Abstract] Background: Virtual reality (VR) is increasingly considered a valuable therapeutic tool for people with dementia. However, rigorous studies are still needed to evaluate its impact on behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (BPSDs) and Objective: The primary aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of VR therapy on managing BPSDs, falls, length of stay, and QoL in inpatients with dementia admitted to an acute care hospital. The secondary aim was to evaluate the intervention's feasibility in terms of acceptability, safety, and patient experience. Methods: A prospective, open-label, mixed methods, randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted between April 2019 and March 2020. A total of 69 participants (aged >= 65 years with a diagnosis of dementia and who did not meet the exclusion criteria) were randomly assigned to either the control (n=35, 51%) or VR (n=34, 49%) arm. Participants in the experimental (VR) arm were visited by a researcher and watched 360 degrees VR films on a head-mounted display for up to 20 minutes every 1 to 3 days, whereas individuals in the control arm received standard of care. Instances of daily BPSDs and falls were collected from nurses' daily notes. QoL was measured through semistructured interviews and the Quality of Life in Late-Stage Dementia scale. Structured observations and semistructured interviews were used to measure treatment feasibility. The primary outcomes were analyzed at Results: VR therapy had a statistically significant effect on reducing aggressiveness (ie, physical aggression and loud vociferation; P=.01). Substantial impact of VR therapy was not found for other BPSDs (eg, apathy), falls, length of stay, or QoL as measured using the Quality of Life in Late-Stage Dementia scale. The average VR therapy session lasted 6.8 (SD 6.6; range 0-20) minutes, and the intervention was overall an acceptable and enjoyable experience for participants. No adverse events occurred as a result Conclusions: Immersive VR therapy appears to have an effect on aggressive behaviors in patients with dementia in acute care. Although the randomized controlled trial was stopped before reaching the intended sample size owing to COVID-19 restrictions, trends in the results are promising. We suggest conducting future trials with larger samples and, in some cases, more sensitive data collection instruments. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03941119; https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT03941119 International Registered Report Identifier (IRRID): RR2-10.2196/22406
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not specifically about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve a virtual reality (VR) intervention for older people with dementia and includes a randomized controlled trial, the primary focus is on managing behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (BPSDs) and quality of life (QoL). The study also reports on falls, but this is not the main focus, and the VR intervention used is not described as an exergame.

[Author]   Arachchige, S. N. K. K., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Physiological and Subjective Measures of Anxiety with Repeated Exposure to Virtual Construction Sites at Different Heights.
[Journal]  SAFETY AND HEALTH AT WORK 14(3): 303-308.
[Abstract] Background: Occupational workers at altitudes are more prone to falls, leading to catastrophic outcomes. Acrophobia, height-related anxiety, and affected executive functions lead to postural instabilities, causing falls. This study investigated the effects of repeated virtual height exposure and training on cognitive processing and height-related anxiety.Methods: Twenty-eight healthy volunteers (age 20.48 +/- 1.26 years; mass 69.52 +/- 13.78 kg) were recruited and tested in seven virtual environments (VE) [ground (G), 2-story altitude (A1), 2-story edge (E1), 4-story altitude (A2), 4-story edge (E2), 6-story altitude (A3), and 6-story edge (E3)] over three days. At each VE, participants identified occupational hazards present in the VE and completed an Attitude Towards Heights Questionnaire (ATHQ) and a modified State-Trait Anxiety Inventory Questionnaire (mSTAIQ). The number of hazards identified and the ATHQ and mSTAIQ scores were analyzed using a 7 (VE; G, A1, A2, A3, E1, E2, E3) x 3 (DAY; DAY 1, DAY 2, DAY 3) factorial repeated measures analysis of variance.Results: The participants identified the lowest number of hazards at A3 and E3 VEs and on DAY 1 compared to other VEs and DAYs. ATHQ scores were lowest at G, A1, and E1 VEs.Conclusion: Cognitive processing is negatively affected by virtual altitudes, while it improves with short-term training. The features of virtual reality, such as higher involvement, engagement, and reliability, make it a better training tool to be considered in ergonomic settings. The findings of this study will provide insights into cognitive dual-tasking at altitude and its challenges, which will aid in minimizing occupational falls.(c) 2023 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of Occupational Safety and Health Research Institute, Korea Occupational Safety and Health Agency. This is an open access article under the CC BY -NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on young, healthy volunteers (average age 20.48 years) and investigates the effects of repeated virtual height exposure and training on cognitive processing and height-related anxiety. The intervention is not specifically an exergame, and the target population is not older people. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Arbour-Nicitopoulos, K. P., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    A cross-sectional examination of the 24-hour movement behaviours in Canadian youth with physical and sensory disabilities.
[Journal]  DISABILITY AND HEALTH JOURNAL 14(1).
[Abstract] Background: Canada's 24-Hour Movement Guidelines for Children and Youth provide daily recommendations for physical activity (PA), screen time, and sleep for optimal health. The appropriateness of such guidelines for youth with disabilities remains unknown.Objective: To cross-sectionally examine the 24-h movement behaviours and guideline adherence in youth (ages 12-21 years) with physical and sensory disabilities.Methods: 54 youth with physical and sensory disabilities completed two, 24-h recalls to assess PA, sedentary behaviour, and sleep. Descriptive statistics were used to analyze behavioural patterns and guideline adherence. Gender and age differences were tested using analyses of variance and logistic regressions.Results: 55.5%, 13.0%, and 53.7% of the sample met the individual guidelines for PA, sedentary behaviour, and sleep, respectively. 3.7% of the sample met all three movement guidelines. No significant gender or age differences in guideline achievement were found. Over a 24-h period, youth spent 77 (59) minutes engaging in moderate to vigorous PA, 252 (120) minutes engaging in sedentary activity, and 546 (90) minutes sleeping. Boys reported significantly more time (adjusted M-difference = 11 min) playing passive video games than girls.Conclusion: Overall, our sample of youth with physical and sensory disabilities falls far short of meeting the Canadian 24-Hour Movement Guidelines for Children and Youth. The low proportion of youths' time spent engaging in sport and active play is concerning, highlighting the importance of creating access to these types of PA experiences for this population. Future population-based research is needed among children and youth with all types of disabilities to build an evidence-base of their movement behaviours. (c) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the 24-hour movement behaviors, including physical activity, sedentary behavior, and sleep, in Canadian youth with physical and sensory disabilities. It does not target older people, nor does it involve an exergame intervention. Additionally, the study is cross-sectional and does not include a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Archambault, P. S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Development and user validation of driving tasks for a power wheelchair simulator.
[Journal]  DISABILITY AND REHABILITATION 39(15): 1549-1556.
[Abstract] Mobility is important for participation in daily activities and a power wheelchair (PW) can improve quality of life of individuals with mobility impairments. A virtual reality simulator may be helpful in complementing PW skills training, which is generally seen as insufficient by both clinicians and PW users. To this end, specific, ecologically valid activities, such as entering an elevator and navigating through a shopping mall crowd, have been added to the McGill wheelchair (miWe) simulator through a user-centred approach.Purpose: The objective of this study was to validate the choice of simulated activities in a group of newly trained PW users.Methods: We recruited 17 new PW users, who practiced with the miWe simulator at home for two weeks. They then related their experience through the Short Feedback Questionnaire, the perceived Ease of Use Questionnaire, and semi-structured interviews.Results: Participants in general greatly appreciated their experience with the simulator. During the interviews, this group made similar comments about the activities as our previous group of expert PW users had done. They also insisted on the importance of realism in the miWe activities, for their use in training.Discussion: A PW simulator may be helpful if it supports the practice of activities in specific contexts (such as a bathroom or supermarket), to complement the basic skills training received in the clinic (such as driving forward, backward, turning, and avoiding obstacles).Implications for RehabilitationNew power wheelchair users appreciate practicing on a virtual reality simulator and find the experience useful when the simulated diving activities are realistic and ecologically valid.User-centred development can lead to simulated power wheelchair activities that adequately capture everyday driving challenges experienced in various environmental contexts.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and validation of a power wheelchair simulator for individuals with mobility impairments. While it involves virtual reality, the focus is on improving driving skills for power wheelchair users, not on preventing falls in the elderly. The intervention does not specifically target older people, and the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Archavlis, E., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    A Modified Microsurgical Endoscopic-Assisted Transpedicular Corpectomy of the Thoracic Spine Based on Virtual 3-Dimensional Planning.
[Journal]  WORLD NEUROSURGERY 91: 424-433.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The main difficulties of transpedicular corpectomies are lack of space for vertebral body replacement in the neighborhood of critical structures, the necessity for sacrifice of nerve roots in the thoracic spine. and the extent of hemorrhage due to venous epidural bleeding. We present a modified technique of transpedicular corpectomy by using an endoscopic-assisted microsurgical technique performed through a single posterior approach. A 3-dimensional (3D) preoperative reconstruction could be helpful in the planning for this complex anatomic region.METHODS: Surface and volume 3D reconstruction were performed by Amira or the Dextroscope. The clinical experience of this study includes 7 cases, 2 with an unstable burst fracture and 5 with metastatic destructive vertebral body disease, all with significant retropulsion and obstruction of the spinal canal. We performed a comparison with a conventional cohort of transpedicular thoracic corpectomies.RESULTS: Qualitative parameters of the 3D virtual reality planning included degree of bone removal and distance from critical structures such as myelon and implant diameter. Parameters were met in each case, with demonstration of optimal positioning of the implant without neurological complications. In all patients, the endoscope was a significant help in identifying the origins of active bleeding, residual tumor, extent of bone removal, facilitating cage insertion in a minimally invasive way, and helping to avoid root sacrifice on both sides.CONCLUSIONS: Microsurgical endoscopic-assisted transpedicular corpectomy may prove valuable in enhancing the safety of corpectomy in destructive vertebral body disease. The 3D virtual anatomic model greatly facilitated the preoperative planning.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a surgical technique using 3D virtual reality for planning and an endoscopic-assisted microsurgical approach for transpedicular corpectomy in the thoracic spine. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are patients with spinal conditions, and the focus is on surgical planning and execution, not on exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Archavlis, E., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    A novel minimally invasive, dorsolateral, tubular partial odontoidectomy and autologous bone augmentation to treat dens pseudarthrosis: cadaveric, 3D virtual simulation study and technical report.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROSURGERY-SPINE 26(2): 190-198.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE The goal of this study was to demonstrate the clinical and technical nuances of a minimally invasive, dorsolateral, tubular approach for partial odontoidectomy, autologous bone augmentation, and temporary C1-2 fixation to treat dens pseudarthrosis.METHODS A cadaveric feasibility study, a 3D virtual reality reconstruction study, and the subsequent application of this approach in 2 clinical cases are reported. Eight procedures were completed in 4 human cadavers. A minimally invasive, dorsolateral, tubular approach for odontoidectomy was performed with the aid of a tubular retraction system, using a posterolateral incision and an oblique approach angle. Fluoroscopy and postprocedural CT, using 3D volumetric averaging software, were used to evaluate the degree of bone removal of C1-2 lateral masses and the C-2 pars interarticularis. Two clinical cases were treated using the approach: a 23-year-old patient with an odontoid fracture and pseudarthrosis, and a 35-year-old patient with a history of failed conservative treatment for odontoid fracture.RESULTS At 8 cadaveric levels, the mean volumetric bone removal of the C1-2 lateral masses on 1 side was 3% 1%, and the mean resection of the pars interarticularis on 1 side was 2% 1%. The median angulation of the trajectory was 50, and the median distance from the midline of the incision entry point on the skin surface was 67 mm. The authors measured the diameter of the working channel in relation to head positioning and assessed a greater working corridor of 12 4 mm in 20 inclination, 15 contralateral rotation, and 5 lateral flexion to the contralateral side. There were no violations of the dura. The reliability of C-2 pedicle screws and C-1 lateral mass screws was 94% (15 of 16 screws) with a single lateral breach. The patients treated experienced excellent clinical outcomes.CONCLUSIONS A minimally invasive, dorsolateral, tubular odontoidectomy and autologous bone augmentation combined with C1-2 instrumentation has the ability to provide excellent 1-stage management of an odontoid pseudarthrosis. The procedure can be completed safely and successfully with minimal blood loss and little associated morbidity. This approach has the potential to provide not only a less invasive approach but also a function-preserving option to treat complex C1-2 anterior disease.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on a minimally invasive surgical technique for treating dens pseudarthrosis, and it does not meet any of the criteria specified for exergame interventions targeting older people.

[Author]   Arede, J., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Biological maturation, contextual factors, and future career in basketball: A possible interrelationship?
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SPORTS SCIENCES 41(21): 1944-1951.
[Abstract] This study aimed to analyse the relationship between the maturational state and contextual factors with future basketball career success in Under-16 (U16) Portuguese youth preparing for the U16 European Basketball Championships. Eighty-five Under-15 (U15) and U16 male basketball players (height: 189.7 +/- 6.53 cm; body mass: 81.1 +/- 9.96 kg; the age of peak height velocity: 13.3 +/- 0.7 y) were selected by the Portuguese national coaching staff to participate in a national team training camp in 2016, 2017, and 2018 years. A binary logistic regression was employed to identify the influence of maturation, born quartile, demographic, geographic and economic characteristics, and sport career (i.e., drop out during first season and chance of playing professionally). Early maturing players were typically classified as inside players. Training experience and predicted adult height, and type of first club were able to predict players who dropped out during their first season at senior level (both p < 0.01). No variables were able to predict who played in a professional league during their first season at senior level. Practitioners should use these data to consider how national level basketball players are identified and developed, but also keep in mind of their specific contextual factors.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the relationship between biological maturation, contextual factors, and future career success in young basketball players. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any intervention related to preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Arlati, S., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    A Social Virtual Reality-Based Application for the Physical and Cognitive Training of the Elderly at Home.
[Journal]  SENSORS 19(2).
[Abstract] Frailty is a clinical condition affecting the elderly population which results in an increased risk of falls. Previous studies demonstrated that falls prevention programs are effective, but they suffer from low adherence, especially when subjects have to train unsupervised in their homes. To try to improve treatment adherence, virtual reality and social media have been proposed as promising strategies for the increase of users' motivation and thus their willingness to practice. In the context of smart homes, this work presents SocialBike, a virtual reality-based application aimed at improving the clinical outcomes of older frail adults in their houses. Indeed, SocialBike is integrated in the house of the future framework and proposes a Dual Task training program in which the users are required to cycle on a stationary bike while recognizing target animals or objects appearing along the way. It also implements the possibility of training with other users, thus reducing the risk of social isolation. Within SocialBike, users can choose the multiplayer mode they prefer (i.e., collaborative or competitive), and are allowed to train following their own attitude. SocialBike's validation, refinement, and business model are currently under development, and are briefly discussed as future works.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract describes a virtual reality-based application (SocialBike) aimed at the physical and cognitive training of the elderly, which could potentially help in preventing falls. However, the paper does not mention that it includes randomized controlled trials or reports results from such trials. Instead, it focuses on the development and features of the application, and mentions that validation, refinement, and business model are under development. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Arora, T., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Associations between specific technologies and adolescent sleep quantity, sleep quality, and parasomnias.
[Journal]  SLEEP MEDICINE 15(2): 240-247.
[Abstract] Objective: We tested the hypothesis that weekday bedtime use of six technologies would be significantly associated with eight sleep parameters studied relating to sleep quantity, sleep quality, and parasomnias.Methods: In our cross-sectional study, we previously administered validated age-appropriate questionnaires (School Sleep Habits Survey, Technology Use Questionnaire). Participating adolescents (n = 738; 54.5% boys) were aged 11-13 years and were from the Midlands region of the United Kingdom in 2010.Results: Frequent use of all technology types was significantly inversely associated with weekday sleep duration (hours). Frequent music listeners and video gamers had significantly prolonged sleep onset (beta = 7.03 [standard error {SE}, 2.66]; P < .01 and beta = 6.17 [SE, 2.42]; P < .05, respectively). Frequent early awakening was significantly associated with frequent use of all technology types. The greatest effect was observed in frequent television viewers (odds ratio [OR], 4.05 [95% confidence interval {CI}, 2.06-7.98]). Difficulty falling asleep was significantly associated with frequent mobile telephone use, video gaming, and social networking, with music listeners demonstrating the greatest effect (OR, 2.85 [95% CI, 1.58-5.13]). Music listeners were at increased risk for frequent nightmares (OR, 2.02 [95% CI, 1.22-3.45]). Frequent use of all technologies except for music and mobile telephones was significantly associated with greater cognitive difficulty in shutting off. Frequent television viewers were almost four times more likely to report higher sleepwalking frequency (OR, 3.70 [95% CI, 1.89-7.27]).Conclusions: Frequent weekday technology use at bedtime was associated with significant adverse effects on multiple sleep parameters. If confirmed in other samples and longitudinally, improving sleep hygiene through better management of technology could enhance the health and well-being of adolescent populations. (C) 2013 Elsevier B. V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the associations between specific technologies and adolescent sleep quantity, sleep quality, and parasomnias. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on adolescents, not older people, and it examines the impact of technology on sleep, rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study design is cross-sectional, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Arrebola, L. S., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    The use of video games combined with conventional physical therapy in children with upper limb fractures: An exploratory study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF PEDIATRIC REHABILITATION MEDICINE 12(1): 65-70.
[Abstract] PURPOSE: To determine the effect of rehabilitation using video games combined with conventional therapy in children with loss of range of motion (ROM) after conservative or surgical treatment of upper limb fractures.METHODS: This retrospective observational study included 12 children (9 boys, 3 girls; mean age: 6.75 +/- 2.83 y) treated with combined video game and conventional physical therapy following upper limb fracture. Children completed 60 minutes of combined therapy (20 minutes of game therapy and 40 minutes of physical therapy) two times per week until therapy was no longer warranted. The flexion and extension ROM of the elbow and wrist, pronation and supination of the forearm, and pain during rest and effort were measured at the beginning and end of treatment.RESULTS: Children experienced significantly increased extension (p < 0.001) and flexion (p < 0.01) ROM of the elbow, increased flexion ROM of the wrist (p < 0.05), and reduced pain during effort (p < 0.05) after an average of 6 weeks of combined treatment.CONCLUSION: The use of video games with conventional therapy was effective in reducing pain and recovering ROM in children with upper limb fractures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of video games combined with conventional physical therapy in children with upper limb fractures. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as the intervention targets children and not older people. Additionally, the study is a retrospective observational study, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Arreola, S., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Barriers to and enablers of the HIV services continuum among gay and bisexual men worldwide: Findings from the Global Men's Health and Rights Study.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 18(5).
[Abstract] ObjectivesTo assess ecological, structural, community and individual level correlates of health services utilization along a continuum of HIV care, and sexual health and support services among gay and bisexual men worldwide. MethodsUsing a nonprobability internet sample of 6,135 gay and bisexual men, we assessed correlates of utilization of health services. Chi-Square Tests of Independence were performed to assess drop off along a continuum of HIV care. Multivariable logistic regression analyses using generalized estimating equation models were conducted adjusting for geographic region and clustering by country. In multivariable analyses, we determined the association between utilization outcomes, and ecologic, structural, community and individual correlates by fitting separate generalized estimating equation (GEE) logistic regression models for each of the outcomes, fitted with robust SEs, and accounting for clustering by country. Stratified by sexual identity, analyses adjusted for variables that could influence HIV-related health outcomes including racial/ethnic minority status, participant age, insurance, ability to make ends meet, as well as country-level income (income of country of residence defined by the World Bank). ResultsAmong men living with HIV (n = 1001), being in HIV care (n = 867) was associated with being on ART (X-2 = 191.17, p < .001), and viral load suppression (X-2 = 14.03, p < .001); and using ART (n = 840) was associated viral load suppression (X-2 = 21.66, p < .001). Overall, the pattern of utilization outcomes were similar for both gay and bisexual men. For example, utilization of PrEP, being in HIV care and utilization of most of the sexual health and support services were negatively associated with sexual stigma. Whereas, utilization of most HIV prevention, and sexual health and support services were positively associated with provider discrimination. Utilization of all HIV prevention and all sexual health services were positively associated with greater community engagement, and receiving services from LGBT-led organizations. Bisexual men had higher odds of reporting provider discrimination when utilizing condom services (gay: AOR = 1.14, [0.95-1.36]; bisexual: 1.58, [1.10-2.28]), PrEP (gay: AOR = 1.06, [0.77-1.45]; bisexual: AOR = 2.14, [1.18-3.89], mental health services (gay: AOR = 1.03, [0.86-1.23]; bisexual: AOR = 1.32, [1.07-1.64]), and community-based support (gay: AOR = 1.23, [1.05-1.45]; bisexual: AOR = 1.49, [1.14-1.93]) than gay men. Bisexual men also reported higher odds of accessing services from LGBT-led organizations when utilizing PrEP (gay: AOR = 5.26, [2.50-11.05]; bisexual: AOR = 7.12, [3.16-16.04]), and community-based support/self-help groups/individual counseling (gay: AOR = 2.63, [1.72-4.01]; bisexual: AOR = 3.35, [2.30-4.88]. ConclusionsIt is essential that barriers to health services utilization be addressed at structural and community levels. Structural interventions should be designed to reduce sexual stigma, as well as train and sensitize healthcare providers; and strengthen community level interventions that bring gay and bisexual men together to lead comprehensive health services.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about barriers to and enablers of the HIV services continuum among gay and bisexual men, and does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Arrontes, J. (2021). 
[Title]    Demography_Lab, an educational application to evaluate population growth: Unstructured and matrix models.
[Journal]  ECOLOGY AND EVOLUTION 11(5): 1940-1956.
[Abstract] Training in Population Ecology asks for scalable applications capable of embarking students on a trip from basic concepts to the projection of populations under the various effects of density dependence and stochasticity. Demography_Lab is an educational tool for teaching Population Ecology aspiring to cover such a wide range of objectives. The application uses stochastic models to evaluate the future of populations. Demography_Lab may accommodate a wide range of life cycles and can construct models for populations with and without an age or stage structure. Difference equations are used for unstructured populations and matrix models for structured populations. Both types of models operate in discrete time. Models can be very simple, constructed with very limited demographic information or parameter-rich, with a complex density-dependence structure and detailed effects of the different sources of stochasticity. Demography_Lab allows for deterministic projections, asymptotic analysis, the extraction of confidence intervals for demographic parameters, and stochastic projections. Stochastic population growth is evaluated using up to three sources of stochasticity: environmental and demographic stochasticity and sampling error in obtaining the projection matrix. The user has full control on the effect of stochasticity on vital rates. The effect of the three sources of stochasticity may be evaluated independently for each vital rate. The user has also full control on density dependence. It may be included as a ceiling population size controlling the number of individuals in the population or it may be evaluated independently for each vital rate. Sensitivity analysis can be done for the asymptotic population growth rate or for the probability of extinction. Elasticity of the probability of extinction may be evaluated in response to changes in vital rates, and in response to changes in the intensity of density dependence and environmental stochasticity.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about an educational application called Demography_Lab, which is used to teach Population Ecology. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are students, not older people, and the application is for educational purposes rather than a form of exergame or physical activity intervention.

[Author]   Arslan, E., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Running-based high-intensity interval training vs. small-sided game training programs: effects on the physical performance, psychophysiological responses and technical skills in young soccer players.
[Journal]  BIOLOGY OF SPORT 37(2): 165-173.
[Abstract] This study aimed to compare the effects of 5-week running-based high-intensity interval training (HIIT) vs. small-sided game training (SSG) on the physical performance, psychophysiological responses and technical skills in young soccer players. Twenty young male soccer players (age: 14.2 +/- 0.5 years, height: 161.8 +/- 7.9 cm) participated in this study and were assigned to two groups: the HIIT group (n=10) and SSG group (n=10). Both groups trained twice per week with a similar total training duration. The SSG consisted of two 5-9 minutes of 2-a-side with 2-minute passive rest periods, whereas the HIIT consisted of 12-20 minutes of continuous runs at intensities (90 to 95%) related to the velocity obtained in the 30-15 intermittent fitness test. Before and after the 5-week training periods the following tests were completed: maximum oxygen consumption (VO2max) from the Yo-Yo Intermittent Recovery Test level 1 (YYIRTL-1), 10-30-m sprint test, countermovement jump [CMJJ, squat jump (SA and drop jump [DA, 1000-m run test, zigzag agility, repeated sprint ability, 30-15 intermittent fitness test and speed dribbling ability test. Our results revealed meaningful improvements in YYIRTL-1 performance (SSG: +12.8%, standardized effect size [d]=-1.46; HIIT: +16.4%, d=3.27 and VO2max(SSG: +3.3%, d=-1.48; HIIT: +4.3%, d=2.61). There was a meaningful greater improvement in agility and technical test performances following the SSG training compared with the HIIT (p <= 0.05, d= ranging from 0.92 to 1.99). By contrast, the HIIT group showed meaningfully higher performance responses in terms of the 1000-m running time and repeated sprint test ability (p 0.05, d=ranging from 0.90 to 2.06). These results confirmed that SSG training might be a more effective training regime to improve technical ability and agility with greater enjoyment, whereas HIIT might be more suitable for speed-based conditioning in young soccer players.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on comparing the effects of running-based high-intensity interval training (HIIT) and small-sided game training (SSG) on physical performance, psychophysiological responses, and technical skills in young soccer players. The intervention targets are young male soccer players, and the interventions do not involve exergames. Additionally, the study does not address fall prevention.

[Author]   Asaga, T., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Idiopathic hypersomnia with a video recording of a spontaneous sleep attack: A case report.
[Journal]  MEDICINE 103(7).
[Abstract] Rationale:Although patients with central disorders of hypersomnolence (CDH) exhibit characteristic symptoms of hypersomnia frequently, it takes 5 to 15 years from the onset for its diagnosis due to the lack of symptom recognition. Here, we present a case of idiopathic hypersomnia (IH), a CDH, wherein early diagnosis was aided by a video footage of a spontaneous sleep attack.Patient concerns:A 21-year-old man lost consciousness while driving and experienced an accident. He had complained of excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) over half a year. During his hospitalization for close monitoring of the loss of consciousness, an in-room surveillance camera captured a 14-minutes long spontaneous sleep attack, during which he experienced general muscle weakness and loss of consciousness without warnings or convulsions leading to a fall from the bed. There were no abnormalities in vital signs.Diagnoses:There was no significant cataplexy and less than 2 sleep-onset rapid eye movements (SOREM) in 2 sleep latency tests, with a mean sleep latency of 2.1 and 4.6 minutes. Other sleep deprivation syndromes were excluded from differential diagnosis and finally, a diagnosis of IH was confirmed according to the criteria of the Third Edition of the International Classification of Sleep Disorders. During the course of the disease, attention-deficit/hyperactive disorder (ADHD) and a gaming disorder also diagnosed.Interventions:Pharmacological treatment with modafinil was administered for IH and methylphenidate for ADHD. Cognitive behavioral therapy was performed for the gaming disorder.Outcomes:The EDS improved, and sleep attacks were no longer observed. The disruption of daily life caused by the gaming disorder was also reduced.Lessons:Video recordings of sleep attacks are beneficial for identifying the cause of loss of consciousness. Home video recordings may be helpful in the early diagnosis of IH.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a case report about idiopathic hypersomnia and the use of video recordings to aid in the diagnosis. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention involves pharmacological treatment and cognitive behavioral therapy, and the focus is on sleep disorders rather than fall prevention through exergames.

[Author]   Aslam, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Exer-gaming reduces fall risk and improves mobility after stroke.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE PAKISTAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION 71(6): 1673-1675.
[Abstract] The current study evaluated the effect of virtual reality based balance training in 30 stroke patients recruited via purposive sampling technique for a clinical trial. Sealed envelope method was used to randomly allocate patients into two groups, i.e. Exer-gaming group (EGG) (n=15) and traditional training (TBT) group (n=15). Patients ranging in age from 50 to 60 years were included using Modified Rankin Scale (MRS). Patients with cognitive deficits, severe physical impairments, contractures, inability to perform tasks, complications of the joint that affected movement, history of recent fracture, arthritis and those on drugs that could affect their physical function were excluded. Data was collected using Berg Balance Scale (BBS) and Timed Up & Go Test (TUG). Significant improvement was observed in the exer-gaming training group after completing intervention (P<0.001). Exer-gaming appears to be more effective in improving functional level, mobility and balance in stroke patients. The study also suggests that exer-gaming further provides dynamic environment for stroke patients, thereby improving dynamic balance and mobility.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of exergames to improve balance and mobility in stroke patients, but it does not specifically target older people (the age range is 50-60 years, which is not exclusively elderly) and the primary focus is on stroke rehabilitation rather than fall prevention in the elderly. Additionally, the study includes a specific exclusion criterion for cognitive deficits, which may limit its applicability to the broader elderly population.

[Author]   Asrian, G., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Machine learning-based mortality prediction in hip fracture patients using biomarkers.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ORTHOPAEDIC RESEARCH 42(2): 395-403.
[Abstract] The purpose of this retrospective study was to assess whether mortality following a hip fracture can be predicted by a machine learning model trained on basic blood and lab test data as well as basic demographic data. Additionally, the purpose was to identify the key variables most associated with 1-, 5-, and 10-year mortality and investigate their clinical significance. Input data included 3751 hip fracture patient records sourced from the Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care IV database, which provided records from in-hospital database systems at the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center. The 1-year mortality rate for all patients studied was 21% and for those aged 80+ was 29%. We assessed 10 different machine learning classification models, finding LightGBM to have the strongest 1-year mortality prediction performance, with accuracy of 81%, AUC of 0.79, sensitivity of 0.34, and specificity of 0.98 on the test set. The strongest-weighted features of the 1-year model included age, glucose, red blood cell distribution width, mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration, white blood cells, urea nitrogen, prothrombin time, platelet count, calcium levels, and partial thromboplastin time. Most of these were also in the top 10 features of the LightGBM 5- and 10-year prediction models trained. Testing for these high-ranking biomarkers in new hip fracture patients can aid clinicians in assessing the likelihood of poor outcomes for hip fracture patients, and additional research can use these biomarkers to develop a mortality risk score.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using machine learning to predict mortality in hip fracture patients based on biomarkers and demographic data. It does not involve the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the question.

[Author]   Atici, S. F., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Fully automated determination of the cervical vertebrae maturation stages using deep learning with directional filters.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 17(7).
[Abstract] IntroductionWe aim to apply deep learning to achieve fully automated detection and classification of the Cervical Vertebrae Maturation (CVM) stages. We propose an innovative custom-designed deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with a built-in set of novel directional filters that highlight the edges of the Cervical Vertebrae in X-ray images.MethodsA total of 1018 Cephalometric radiographs were labeled and classified according to the Cervical Vertebrae Maturation (CVM) stages. The images were cropped to extract the cervical vertebrae using an Aggregate Channel Features (ACF) object detector. The resulting images were used to train four different Deep Learning (DL) models: our proposed CNN, MobileNetV2, ResNet101, and Xception, together with a set of tunable directional edge enhancers. When using MobileNetV2, ResNet101 and Xception, data augmentation is adopted to allow adequate network complexity while avoiding overfitting. The performance of our CNN model was compared with that of MobileNetV2, ResNet101 and Xception with and without the use of directional filters. For validation and performance assessment, k-fold cross-validation, ROC curves, and p-values were used.ResultsThe proposed innovative model that uses a CNN preceded with a layer of tunable directional filters achieved a validation accuracy of 84.63%84.63% in CVM stage classification into five classes, exceeding the accuracy achieved with the other DL models investigated. MobileNetV2, ResNet101 and Xception used with directional filters attained accuracies of 78.54%, 74.10%, and 80.86%, respectively. The custom-designed CNN method also achieves 75.11% in six-class CVM stage classification. The effectiveness of the directional filters is reflected in the improved performance attained in the results. If the custom-designed CNN is used without the directional filters, the test accuracy decreases to 80.75%. In the Xception model without the directional filters, the testing accuracy drops slightly to 79.42% in the five-class CVM stage classification.ConclusionThe proposed model of a custom-designed CNN together with the tunable Directional Filters (CNNDF) is observed to provide higher accuracy than the commonly used pre-trained network models that we investigated in the fully automated determination of the CVM stages.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the application of deep learning techniques, specifically a custom-designed Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with directional filters, for the automated detection and classification of Cervical Vertebrae Maturation (CVM) stages in X-ray images. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Atkins, A. S., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Assessment of Age-Related Differences in Functional Capacity Using the Virtual Reality Functional Capacity Assessment Tool (VRFCAT).
[Journal]  The journal of prevention of Alzheimer's disease 2(2): 121-127.
[Abstract] Clinical trials for primary prevention and early intervention in preclinical AD require measures of functional capacity with improved sensitivity to deficits in healthier, non-demented individuals. To this end, the Virtual Reality Functional Capacity Assessment Tool (VRFCAT) was developed as a direct performance-based assessment of functional capacity that is sensitive to changes in function across multiple populations. Using a realistic virtual reality environment, the VRFCAT assesses a subject's ability to complete instrumental activities associated with a shopping trip. The present investigation represents an initial evaluation of the VRFCAT as a potential co-primary measure of functional capacity in healthy aging and preclinical MCI/AD by examining test-retest reliability and associations with cognitive performance in healthy young and older adults. The VRFCAT was compared and contrasted with the UPSA-2-VIM, a traditional performance-based assessment utilizing physical props. Results demonstrated strong age-related differences in performance on each VRFCAT outcome measure, including total completion time, total errors, and total forced progressions. VRFCAT performance showed strong correlations with cognitive performance across both age groups. VRFCAT Total Time demonstrated good test-retest reliability (ICC=.80 in young adults; ICC=.64 in older adults) and insignificant practice effects, indicating the measure is suitable for repeated testing in healthy populations. Taken together, these results provide preliminary support for the VRFCAT as a potential measure of functionally relevant change in primary prevention and preclinical AD/MCI trials.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the assessment of functional capacity using a virtual reality tool (VRFCAT) and its reliability and associations with cognitive performance in healthy young and older adults. It does not specifically target fall prevention, nor does it describe an intervention that uses exergames. Additionally, the paper does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Ayachi, F. S., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Wavelet-based algorithm for auto-detection of daily living activities of older adults captured by multiple inertial measurement units (IMUs).
[Journal]  PHYSIOLOGICAL MEASUREMENT 37(3): 442-461.
[Abstract] A recent trend in human motion capture is the use of inertial measurement units (IMUs) for monitoring and performance evaluation of mobility in the natural living environment. Although the use of such systems have grown significantly, the development of methods and algorithms to process IMU data for clinical purposes is still limited. The aim of this work is to develop algorithms based on wavelet transform and discrete-time detection of events for the automatic segmentation of tasks related activities of daily living (ADL) from body worn IMUs.Seven healthy older adults (73 +/- 4 years old) performed 10 ADL tasks in a simulated apartment during trials of different durations (3, 4, and 5 min). They wore a suit (Synertial UK Ltd IGS-180) comprised of 17 IMUs positioned strategically on body segments to capture full body motion. The proposed method automatically detected the number of template waveforms (representing each movement separately) using discrete wavelet transform (DWT) and discrete-time detection of events based on angular velocity, linear acceleration and 3D orientation data of pertinent IMUs. The sensitivity (Se.) and specificity (Sp.) of detection for the proposed method was established using time stamps of10tasks obtained from visual segmentation of each trial using the video records and the avatar provided by the system's software.At first, we identified six pertinent sensors that were strongly associated to different activities (at most two sensors/task) that allowed detection of tasks with high accuracy. The proposed algorithm exhibited significant global accuracy (N-events = 1999, Se. = 97.5%, Sp. = 94%), despite the variation in the occurrences of the performed tasks (free living). The Se. varied from 94% to 100% for all the detected ADL tasks and Sp. ranged from 90% to 100% with the worst Sp. = 85 and 87% for Release_mid (reaching for object held just beyond reach at chest height) and Turning_Left tasks, respectively.This study demonstrated that DWT in conjunction with a nonlinear transform and auto-adaptive thresholding process for decision rules are highly efficient in detecting and segmenting tasks performed during free-living activities. This study also helped to determine the optimal number of sensors, and their location to detect such activities. This work lays the foundation for the automatic assessment of mobility performance within the segmented signals, as well as potentially helps differentiate populations based on their mobility patterns and symptomatology.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and testing an algorithm for the automatic detection and segmentation of activities of daily living (ADL) in older adults using inertial measurement units (IMUs). It does not describe an intervention using exergames to prevent falls. The focus is on the technical aspects of motion capture and data processing, rather than on a specific exergame intervention.

[Author]   Ayed, I., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Feasibility of Kinect-Based Games for Balance Rehabilitation: A Case Study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF HEALTHCARE ENGINEERING 2018.
[Abstract] We aimed at determining the effects of prototype games on older adults attending a rehabilitation program in an elderly house in this work. We conducted an initial case study where two participants underwent a 5-week intervention. Feasibility was assessed by examining recruitment, adherence, and safety. The Tinetti balance test was used as pretest and posttest assessments. Results show that adherence was very high and no adverse effects were registered during the sessions. The included participants also reported enjoyment during the playtime and exhibited improvements in Tinetti scores. The findings suggest that game-based rehabilitation can be useful for improving balance in elderly people and can be incorporated in a fall prevention program.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a case study that focuses on the feasibility of using Kinect-based games for balance rehabilitation in older adults. While it does involve an exergame and targets older people, it is not a randomized controlled trial (RCT). The study is a preliminary case study with only two participants, and its primary focus is on feasibility, adherence, and safety, rather than reporting the results of a full RCT. Therefore, based on the given criteria, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Bacha, J. M. R., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Immersive Virtual Tasks with Motor and Cognitive Components: A Feasibility Study of Adults and Older Adult Fallers and Nonfallers.
[Journal]  CYBERPSYCHOLOGY BEHAVIOR AND SOCIAL NETWORKING 26(3): 169-176.
[Abstract] The objective of the present study was to compare the feasibility, safety, and satisfaction of an immersive virtual reality system developed specifically for cognitive-sensory-motor training among older adult fallers and nonfallers and adult individuals. This was a cross-sectional observational study, and 20 adults, 20 nonfaller older adults, and 20 faller older adults were assessed. The primary outcome was feasibility assessed with safety and satisfaction measures. Safety outcomes were associated with adverse events occurred during the experience with the immersive virtual reality system (IVRS), assessed through the Simulator Sickness Questionnaire and by registering the falls, pain, or any discomfort reported by the participants. Satisfaction was assessed with a structured questionnaire, answered after 10 minutes of experiencing the IVRS. The dates were assessed with one-way analysis of variance or the Kruskal-Wallis test and Bonferroni post hoc test. The results showed that the IVRS was safe and the participants related good satisfaction with the system. Most of participants related no symptoms (93.6 percent) or light cybersickness symptoms (6.0 percent). There were no occurrences of falls or pain associated with the IVRS. The IVRS was feasible for adults and nonfaller and faller older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Specifically, it is a feasibility study that assesses the safety and satisfaction of an immersive virtual reality system among adults and older adults, both fallers and nonfallers. It does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial (RCT) focused on the effectiveness of exergames in preventing falls.

[Author]   Baganis, A., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Phase Field Simulation of AA6XXX Aluminium Alloys Heat Treatment.
[Journal]  METALS 11(2).
[Abstract] Heat treatment has a significant impact on the microstructure and the mechanical properties of Al-Mg-Si alloys. The present study presents a first Phase-Field modelling approach on the recrystallisation and grain growth mechanism during annealing. It focuses on the precipitate fraction, radius, and Mg-Si concentration in the matrix phase, which are used as input data for the calculation of the yield strength and hardness at the end of different ageing treatments. Annealing and artificial ageing simulations have been conducted on the MultiPhase-Field based MICRESS@ software, while the ThermoCalc(@) software has been used to construct the pseudo-binary Al-Mg phase-diagrams and the atomic-mobility databases of MgxSiy precipitates. Recrystallisation simulation estimates the recrystallisation kinetics, the grain growth, and the interface mobility with the presence/absence of secondary particles, selecting as annealing temperature 400 degrees C and a microstructure previously subjected to cold rolling. The pinning force of secondary particles decelerates the overall recrystallisation time, causing a slight decrease in the final grain radius due to the reduction of interface mobility. The ageing simulation examines different ageing temperatures (180 and 200 degrees C) for two distinct ternary systems (Al-0.9Mg-0.6Si/Al-1.0Mg-1.1Si wt.%) considering the interface energy and the chemical free energy as the driving force for precipitation. The combination of Phase-Field and the Deschamps-Brechet model predicted the under-ageing condition for the 180 degrees C ageing treatment and the peak-ageing condition for the 200 degrees C ageing treatment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper "Phase Field Simulation of AA6XXX Aluminium Alloys Heat Treatment" is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the simulation of heat treatment processes and their effects on the microstructure and mechanical properties of aluminium alloys, which is unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Bailey, C. A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Smartwatch-Based Prediction of Single-Stride and Stride-to-Stride Gait Outcomes Using Regression-Based Machine Learning.
[Journal]  ANNALS OF BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING 51(11): 2504-2517.
[Abstract] Spatiotemporal variability during gait is linked to fall risk and could be monitored using wearable sensors. Although many users prefer wrist-worn sensors, most applications position at other sites. We developed and evaluated an application using a consumer-grade smartwatch inertial measurement unit (IMU). Young adults (n = 41) completed seven-minute conditions of treadmill gait at three speeds. Single-stride outcomes (stride time, length, width, and speed) and spatiotemporal variability (coefficient of variation of each single-stride outcome) were recorded using an optoelectronic system, while 232 single- and multi-stride IMU metrics were recorded using an Apple Watch Series 5. These metrics were input to train linear, ridge, support vector machine (SVM), random forest, and extreme gradient boosting (xGB) models of each spatiotemporal outcome. We conducted Model x Condition ANOVAs to explore model sensitivity to speed-related responses. xGB models were best for single-stride outcomes [relative mean absolute error (% error): 7-11%; intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC2,1) 0.60-0.86], and SVM models were best for spatiotemporal variability (% error: 18-22%; ICC2,1 = 0.47-0.64). Spatiotemporal changes with speed were captured by these models (Condition: p < 0.00625). Results support the feasibility of monitoring single-stride and multi-stride spatiotemporal parameters using a smartwatch IMU and machine learning.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using a smartwatch-based inertial measurement unit (IMU) and machine learning to predict gait outcomes in young adults, not older people. Additionally, there is no mention of an exergame intervention or a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Banerjee, P., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Investigation of the effect of bars on the properties of spiral galaxies: a multivariate statistical study.
[Journal]  COMMUNICATIONS IN STATISTICS-SIMULATION AND COMPUTATION 53(3): 1216-1246.
[Abstract] Subjective classification of spiral galaxies is not sufficient for studying the effect of bars on their physical characteristics. In reality the problem is to comprehend the complex correlations in a multivariate parametric space. Multivariate tools are the best ones for understanding this complex correlation. In this work an objective classification of a large set (26,089) of spiral galaxies was compiled as a value added galaxy catalogue from sdss DR 15 virtual data archive. Initially for dimensionality reduction, Independent Component Analysis is performed to determine a set of Independent Components that are linear combinations of 48 observed features (namely ionized lines, Lick indices, photometric and morphological properties). Subsequently a K-means cluster analysis is carried out on the basis of the 14 best chosen Independent Components to obtain 12 distinct homogeneous groups of spiral galaxies. Amongst these, 3 groups are the oldest ones (1.6 Gyr - 5.9 Gyr), while 5 groups fall in the medium aged category (1.4 Gyr - 1.6 Gyr), 2 groups consist of only unbarred spirals, 1 group is the youngest one and the remaining one is an outlier. In many groups there are clear indication of recurrent bar formation phenomena which is consistent with few previous simulation works. In order to study the robustness of the clusters with respect to the method of clustering, a second method of clustering by Gaussian Mixture Modeling Method (GMMBC) is applied.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the classification and analysis of spiral galaxies using statistical methods, not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Barbanchon, C., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Repeated exposure to virtual reality decreases reliance on visual inputs for balance control in healthy adults.
[Journal]  HUMAN MOVEMENT SCIENCE 96.
[Abstract] Postural control may encounter acute challenges when individuals are immersed in a virtual reality (VR) environment, making VR a potential pertinent tool for enhancing balance capacity. Nonetheless, the effects of repeated exposure to VR on balance control remain to be fully elucidated. Fifty-five healthy participants stood upright for six bouts of 90 s each in an immersive virtual reality (VR) environment using a head-mounted display (repeated VR exposure). During these bouts, participants experienced simulated forward and backward displacements. Before and after the repeated VR exposure, the center of pressure mean velocity (VELCOP) was measured in response to simulated forward and backward displacement in VR, as well as during quiet upright standing with eyes open (EO) and closed (EC) in the real environment. The results revealed a significant decrease in VELCOP for forward and backward simulated displacements in both antero-posterior and medio-lateral directions (p < 0.01) after compared to before repeated VR exposure. Furthermore, VELCOP significantly decreased when participants stood upright in EC (-5%; p = 0.004), but not EO (+3%; p > 0.05) in the real environment after repeated VR exposure. The Romberg ratio (EC/EO) was reduced in both antero-posterior and medio-lateral directions (p < 0.05) after VR exposure. This study indicates that repeated exposure to VR induces changes in balance control in both virtual and real environments. These changes may be attributed, in part, to a reduction in the weighting of visual inputs in the multisensory integration process occurring during upright standing. Accordingly, these findings highlight VR as a potentially effective tool for balance rehabilitation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets healthy adults, not older people, and while it involves virtual reality, the study is focused on balance control and does not specifically address fall prevention in the elderly. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial but rather an experimental study.

[Author]   Barclay, R. E., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Interventions for improving community ambulation in individuals with stroke.
[Journal]  COCHRANE DATABASE OF SYSTEMATIC REVIEWS(3).
[Abstract] BackgroundCommunity ambulation refers to the ability of a person to walk in their own community, outside of their home and also indoors in private or public locations. Some people choose to walk for exercise or leisure and may walk with others as an important aspect of social functioning. Community ambulation is therefore an important skill for stroke survivors living in the community whose walking ability has been affected.ObjectivesTo determine: (1) whether interventions improve community ambulation for stroke survivors, and (2) if any specific intervention method improves community ambulation more than other interventions.Search methodsWe searched the Cochrane Stroke Group Trials Register (September 2014), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (November 2013), PubMed (1946 to November 2013), EMBASE (1980 to November 2013), CINAHL (1982 to November 2013), PsycINFO(1887 to November 2013), Scopus (1960 to November 2013), Web of Science (1900 to November 2013), SPORTDiscus (1975 to November 2013), and PEDro, CIRRIE and REHABDATA (November 2013). We also searched ongoing trials registers (November 2013) and reference lists, and performed a cited reference search.Selection criteriaSelection criteria included parallel-group randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and cross-over RCTs, studies in which participants are adult (aged 18 years or more) stroke survivors, and interventions that were aimed at improving community ambulation. We defined the primary outcome as participation; secondary outcomes included activity level outcomes related to gait and self-efficacy.Data collection and analysisOne review author independently screened titles. Two review authors screened abstracts and full text articles, with a third review author was available to resolve any disagreements. Two review authors extracted data and assessed risk of bias. All outcomes were continuous. The analysis for the primary outcome used the generic inverse variance methods for meta-analysis, using the standardised mean difference (SMD) and standard error (SE) from the participation outcomes. Analyses for secondary outcomes all used SMD or mean difference (MD). We completed analyses for each outcome with all studies, and by type of community ambulation intervention (community or outdoor ambulation practice, virtual practice, and imagery practice). We considered trials for each outcome to be of low quality due to some trial design considerations, such as who knew what group the participants were in, and the number of people who dropped out of the studies.Main resultsWe included five studies involving 266 participants (136 intervention; 130 control). All participants were adult stroke survivors, living in the community or a care home. Programmes to improve community ambulation consisted of walking practice in a variety of settings and environments in the community, or an indoor activity that mimicked community walking (including virtual reality or mental imagery). Three studies were funded by government agencies, and two had no funding.From two studies of 198 people there was low quality evidence for the effect of intervention on participation compared with control (SMD, 0.08, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.20 to 0.35 (using inverse variance). The CI for the effect of the intervention on gait speed was wide and does not exclude no difference (MD 0.12, 95% CI -0.01 to 0.24; four studies, 98 participants, low quality evidence). We considered the quality of the evidence to be low for all the remaining outcomes in our review: Community Walk Test (MD -6.35, 95% CI -21.59 to 8.88); Walking Ability Questionnaire (MD 0.53, 95% CI -5.59 to 6.66); Six-Minute Walk Test (MD 39.62 metres, 95% CI -8.26 to 87.51) and self-efficacy (SMD 0.32, 95% CI -0.09 to 0.72). We downgraded the quality of the evidence because of a high risk of bias and imprecision.Authors' conclusionsThere is currently insufficient evidence to establish the effect of community ambulation interventions or to support a change in clinical practice. More research is needed to determine if practicing outdoor or community walking will improve participation and community ambulation skills for stroke survivors living in the community.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review (as indicated by the journal name "Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews") and does not provide original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while it discusses interventions for community ambulation in stroke survivors, it does not specifically focus on exergames or their use in preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, based on the criteria provided, this paper does not meet the requirements.

[Author]   Barr, M. (2020). 
[Title]    The Force Is Strong with This One (but Not That One): What Makes a Successful Star Wars Video Game Adaptation?
[Journal]  ARTS 9(4).
[Abstract] The Star Wars films have probably spawned more video game adaptations than any other franchise. From the 1982 release of The Empire Strikes Back on the Atari 2600 to 2019's Jedi: Fallen Order, around one hundred officially licensed Star Wars games have been published to date. Inevitably, the quality of these adaptations has varied, ranging from timeless classics such as Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, to such lamentable cash grabs as the Attack of the Clones movie tie-in. But what makes certain ludic adaptations of George Lucas' space opera more successful than others? To answer this question, the critical response to some of the best-reviewed Star Wars games is analysed here, revealing a number of potential factors to consider, including the audio-visual quality of the games, the attendant story, and aspects of the gameplay. The tension between what constitutes a good game and what makes for a good Star Wars adaptation is also discussed. It is concluded that, while many well-received adaptations share certain characteristics-such as John Williams' iconic score, a high degree of visual fidelity, and certain mythic story elements-the very best Star Wars games are those which advance the state of the art in video games, while simultaneously evoking something of Lucas' cinematic saga.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the analysis of what makes certain Star Wars video game adaptations more successful than others. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The target population, the type of intervention, and the study design do not align with the specified criteria.

[Author]   Basak, S., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Learning 3D Head Pose From Synthetic Data: A Semi-Supervised Approach.
[Journal]  IEEE ACCESS 9: 37557-37573.
[Abstract] Accurate head pose estimation from 2D image data is an essential component of applications such as driver monitoring systems, virtual reality technology, and human-computer interaction. It enables a better determination of user engagement and attentiveness. The most accurate head pose estimators are based on Deep Neural Networks that are trained with the supervised approach and rely primarily on the accuracy of training data. The acquisition of real head pose data with a wide variation of yaw, pitch and roll is a challenging task. Publicly available head pose datasets have limitations with respect to size, resolution, annotation accuracy and diversity. In this work, a methodology is proposed to generate pixel-perfect synthetic 2D headshot images rendered from high-quality 3D synthetic facial models with accurate head pose annotations. A diverse range of variations in age, race, and gender are also provided. The resulting dataset includes more than 300k pairs of RGB images with corresponding head pose annotations. A wide range of variations in pose, illumination and background are included. The dataset is evaluated by training a state-of-the-art head pose estimation model and testing against the popular evaluation-dataset Biwi. The results show that training with purely synthetic data generated using the proposed methodology achieves close to state-of-the-art results on head pose estimation which are originally trained on real human facial datasets. As there is a domain gap between the synthetic images and real-world images in the feature space, initial experimental results fall short of the current state-of-the-art. To reduce the domain gap, a semi-supervised visual domain adaptation approach is proposed, which simultaneously trains with the labelled synthetic data and the unlabeled real data. When domain adaptation is applied, a significant improvement in model performance is achieved. Additionally, by applying a data fusion-based transfer learning approach, better results are achieved than previously published work on this topic.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a methodology for generating synthetic 2D headshot images to improve the accuracy of head pose estimation using deep neural networks. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Baselizadeh, A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Using robotic mechanical perturbations for enhanced balance assessment.
[Journal]  MEDICAL ENGINEERING & PHYSICS 83: 7-14.
[Abstract] Balance impairment is critical for many patient groups such as those with neural and musculoskeletal disorders and also the elderly. Accurate and objective assessment of balance performance has led to the development of several indices based on the measurement of the center of pressure. In this study, a robotic device was designed and fabricated to provide controlled and repeatable mechanical perturbations to the standing platform of the user. The device uses servo-controlled actuators and two parallel mechanisms to provide independent rotations in mediolateral and anterior-posterior directions. The device also provides visual feedback of the center of pressure position to the user. Functional tests were run and showed that the device is able to provide an appropriate dynamics (time constant of 0.19 s and bandwidth of 0.85 Hz) for the two motions. The efficacy of the device on the balance assessment was then evaluated experimentally. Ten healthy subjects performed a balance task with and without perturbations and seven center of pressure indices were measured. It was shown that the sensitivity of the indices to the user's performance was statistically increased in all indices particularly in anterior/posterior direction when the mechanical perturbations were present.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a robotic device to provide mechanical perturbations for balance assessment, and it does not involve the use of exergames. The intervention described is a robotic device that provides controlled mechanical perturbations, which does not meet the criteria for an exergame. Additionally, the study focuses on balance assessment rather than fall prevention, and it does not mention a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Bassiri, Z., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Subsensory electrical noise stimulation applied to the lower trunk improves postural control during visual perturbations.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 96: 22-28.
[Abstract] Background: Low levels of sensory noise applied to the skin through electrical stimulation (ES) can improve balance control through a mechanism called stochastic resonance (SR). Little is known regarding the extent subsensory ES can improve reactive control of balance after unanticipated balance perturbations and the best location where to apply the stimulation. Research Questions: How efficient is subsensory ES in improving reactive control of balance following visual perturbations delivered in a virtual reality (VR) environment? 2) Does lower trunk stimulation have greater effects than lower legs stimulation? Methods: Eighteen healthy young adults stood on a force plate while wearing a Valve Index VR headset in eyes closed (EC), eyes open (EO), eyes open with anteroposterior visual perturbations (AP) and eyes open with mediolateral visual perturbations (ML) conditions. No-stimulation (NS), leg stimulation (LS), or trunk stimulation (TS) equal to 90% of the sensory threshold (ST) was applied. The 95% confidence ellipse area (95%EA), the lengths of AP and ML sway path (APPath, MLPath), and the AP and ML 50% and 95% power frequencies (APPF50, MLPF50, APPF95, and MLPF95) were calculated. Repeated-measures ANOVA and Tukey post-hoc tests were used to analyze the main and interaction effects of stimulation and visual conditions. Results: During AP perturbations, participants showed higher frequencies, longer paths, and larger ellipse areas. TS caused lower APPF50, MLPF50, MLPF95, APPath and EA while LS caused lower MLPF50 and EA. During ML perturbations, TS reduced APPF50 and both LS and TS caused reduction of MLPF95. Higher instability following AP perturbations was associated with greater effects of TS and LS. Significance: The application of subsensory ES improved postural control during AP perturbations and TS reduced postural sway more effectively than LS. TS may be an effective strategy to enhance balance control during reactive postural tasks, thus potentially reducing fall risk.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention involves subsensory electrical noise stimulation applied to the lower trunk and legs, and it is tested on healthy young adults, not older people. Additionally, while a virtual reality environment is used for visual perturbations, it is not an exergame. The study focuses on the effects of sensory noise stimulation on postural control, rather than using exergames as an intervention.

[Author]   Baur, D., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Cervical spine injury after virtual reality gaming: a case report.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MEDICAL CASE REPORTS 15(1).
[Abstract] Background We report a patient who fractured the seventh cervical vertebra while playing a virtual reality (VR) game, without any other trauma. This case report aims to describe the spinal trauma incurred during the use of a VR headset in a video game. Case presentation The Caucasian patient presented with pain and swelling in the lower cervical spine at our clinic after playing a video game involving a combination of shoulder, arm and head movements while wearing a VR headset. Preexisting comorbidities were not present in the 31-year-old male. No history of regular medication use or drug abuse was recorded. After performing a clinical examination and radiological diagnostics, we found a dislocated traumatic fracture of the spinous process of the seventh cervical vertebra. After a soft tissue defect was excluded through magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) diagnostics, a conservative therapy regimen with pain therapy and immobilization was started. After hospitalization, outpatient controls were conducted at 4, 6 and 12 weeks. At 6 weeks after hospitalization, the patient had recovered from the injury without complications. Conclusions Rapid movements during VR gaming can lead to injuries of the cervical spine. In addition to rapid movements, the additional weight of the VR headset as well as the decoupling of audiovisual stimuli from the perceived proprioceptive information should be considered. Determining whether this is an isolated incident induced by unknown preexisting factors or whether the trauma mechanism alone can lead to severe spinal trauma needs to be studied further with additional cases.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a case report about a cervical spine injury that occurred during virtual reality gaming. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention target is a 31-year-old male, and the focus is on an injury rather than a fall prevention study. Additionally, the paper is a case report, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Bayat, S., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Everyday Driving and Plasma Biomarkers in Alzheimer's Disease: Leveraging Artificial Intelligence to Expand Our Diagnostic Toolkit.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ALZHEIMERS DISEASE 92(4): 1487-1497.
[Abstract] widespread solution for the early identification of Alzheimer's disease (AD).Objective: This study used artificial intelligence methods to evaluate the association between naturalistic driving behavior and blood-based biomarkers of AD.Methods: We employed an artificial neural network (ANN) to examine the relationship between everyday driving behavior and plasma biomarker of AD. The primary outcome was plasma A beta(42)/A beta(40), where A beta(42)/A beta(40) < 0.1013 was used to define amyloid positivity. Two ANN models were trained and tested for predicting the outcome. The first model architecture only includes driving variables as input, whereas the second architecture includes the combination of age, APOE epsilon 4 status, and driving variables.Results: All 142 participants (mean [SD] age 73.9 [5.2] years; 76 [53.5%] men; 80 participants [56.3%] with amyloid positivity based on plasma A beta(42)/A beta(40)) were cognitively normal. The six driving features, included in the ANN models, were the number of trips during rush hour, the median and standard deviation of jerk, the number of hard braking incidents and night trips, and the standard deviation of speed. The F1 score of the model with driving variables alone was 0.75 [0.023] for predicting plasma A beta(42)/A beta(40). Incorporating age and APOE epsilon 4 carrier status improved the diagnostic performance of the model to 0.80 [0.051].Conclusion: Blood-based AD biomarkers offer a novel opportunity to establish the efficacy of naturalistic driving as an accessible digital marker for AD pathology in driving research.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using artificial intelligence to evaluate the association between naturalistic driving behavior and blood-based biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Beato, M. C., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Can the Wii Fit Balance Board be Used as a Fall Risk Assessment Tool among Poststroke Patients?
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF STROKE & CEREBROVASCULAR DISEASES 29(2).
[Abstract] Background: The prevalence of falls can be as high as 73% in the stroke population. Falls occur as a result of multiple factors. Factors such as balance impairments can be improved through physical therapy intervention. However, insurance payers limit the number of visits per patient. It is crucial to find other ways to assess balance after discharge from rehabilitation. Purpose: The purpose of this study is to determine if the Nintendo Wii Fit can be used as a fall risk assessment tool among the poststroke population. Methodology: A sample of 11 stroke survivors were recruited (mean age 63.36 years). Each participant completed a balance and fall risk assessment using the Berg Balance Scale, Timed Up & Go, Four Square Step Test, Five Times Sit-to-Stand and 8-Foot Walk Test. Bivariate correlation will examine the validity of the Nintendo Wii Fit as a fall risk assessment tool in this population. Results: The Nintendo Wii Fit Balance Test was found to be correlated with gait speed measured by the 8-Foot Walk Test. There is no correlation between the Wii Fit Balance Tests and most common standardized fall risk measures. Standardized fall risk outcome measures also significantly correlate with each other. Conclusions: The study suggests that while there is a potential utility of the game system to be used at home by patient and caregivers, the Wii Fit Balance Test may not be an appropriate substitute to the standardized fall risk assessment tool for stroke patients in the clinical setting.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Instead, it focuses on the potential of the Nintendo Wii Fit Balance Board as a fall risk assessment tool for poststroke patients. The study does not involve an intervention aimed at preventing falls through exergames, and it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Becir, A. (2022). 
[Title]    Modern and Contemporary Images of the Middle Ages-an Anachronism between Fairy Tale and Horror.
[Journal]  RADOVI-ZAVODA ZA HRVATSKU POVIJEST 54(2): 49-77.
[Abstract] The paper reviews modern and contemporary images of the Middle Ages with emphasis on popular culture in the form of selected cases from literature, cinematography and video games in the context of the notion of historical anac-hronism. Erroneous statements that antedate or misplace events, objects or people basically constitute an "innocent" anachronistic transgression, which can be easily rectified using verifiable data. However, faulty projection of a set of features or characteristics to an age which did not know them represents a far more dangerous fallacy because it opens the question of interpretation - and interpretations vary. To understand past realities it is necessary to uncover how past people understo-od their own reality and why did they what they did. Projecting contemporary meanings onto the past, in this case the Middle Ages, is a genuinely perilous anachronism which is very difficult or even impossible to rectify. One example of such a historical "mistreatment" is the notion of the "Dark Ages". Therefore, the paper traces the idea of the "Dark Ages" from the 14th century onward and considers the context in which it became quite widespread from the 18th and 19th centuries to the present day.However, the existence of a counter-myth in the form of the romantic idealization of the Middle Ages as a time of lost pre-modern innocence is also emphasized. The process of industrialization and modernization of (primarily English and Western) European societies in the 18th and 19th centuries and the enthronement of science and progress as leading social principles brought about an (only seemingly) unexpected consequence. Social change provoked nostalgia for an idealized and more simple pre-modern past which gave rise to the Gothic genre that introduced the (at that time socially subversive) element of "horror". However, at the same time it engendered a romantic and nostalgic depiction of "olden times" which attracted a serious (mostly female) literary public. Even more important is the fact that the elements of the Gothic genre still exist in popular culture to this day through transmission into other popular culture venues, such as literature, cinematic and television content or video games.The extreme dual understanding of the Middle Ages between, metaphori-cally speaking, fairy tales and horror initially seems confusing, but in reality these images represent two opposite sides of the same coin. Finally, the paper seeks to answer the question of why the Middle Ages are imagined in the ways they are imagined, while notions about the Middle Ages are understood as an integral part of modern (secular) mythical discourse that legitimizes (post)modernity through the construction of extreme medieval otherness. Like it or not, the real or imagined medieval past is a recurrent and in some aspects even dominant feature of the (post)modern popular imagination. It would appear that it will remain so in the future, especially in the dynamic and newly developing post-COVID-19 world order.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. It focuses on modern and contemporary images of the Middle Ages in popular culture, including literature, cinematography, and video games, and discusses the concept of historical anachronism. The content does not meet any of the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Beck, Y., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    SPARC: a new approach to quantifying gait smoothness in patients with Parkinson's disease.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 15.
[Abstract] Background: Impairments in biomechanics and neural control can disrupt the timing and muscle pattern activation necessary for smooth gait. Gait is one of the most affected motor characteristics in Parkinson's disease (PD), but its smoothness has not been well-studied. This work applies the recently proposed spectral arc length measure (SPARC) to study, for the first time, gait in patients with PD. We hypothesized that the gait of patients with PD would be less smooth than that of healthy controls, as reflected in the SPARC measures.Methods: The gait of 101 PD patients and 39 healthy controls was assessed using an inertial sensor. Smoothness of gait was estimated with SPARC (respectively from acceleration and angular velocity signals, SPARC-Acc and SPARC-Gyro) and harmonic ratios. Correlations between SPARC, traditional gait measures and the motor part of the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) were evaluated. Measurements and analysis were conducted with and without anti-PD medication.Results: SPARC measures were lower (less smooth) in PD than in controls (SPARC-Acc: PD: -6.11 +/- 0.74; CO: -5.17 +/- 0.79; p < 0.001). When comparing PD to controls, SPARC-Acc differed more than other measures of gait (i.e., largest effect size, which was > 1). SPARC measures were correlated with UPDRS motor score (r = -0.65), while they were independent of other measures of gait smoothness. PD gait in the on state was smoother than in the off state (p < 0.001).Conclusions: SPARC calculated from trunk acceleration and angular velocity signals provide valid measures of walking smoothness in PD. SPARC is sensitive to Parkinson's disease and PD medications and can be used of as another, complementary measure of the motor control of walking in PD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about quantifying gait smoothness in patients with Parkinson's disease using a new measure called SPARC. It does not mention the use of exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The study focuses on assessing and comparing gait smoothness between Parkinson's disease patients and healthy controls, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Becker, H., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Predicting functional performance via classification of lower extremity strength in older adults with exergame-collected data.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 17(1).
[Abstract] Objective The goal of this article is to present and to evaluate a sensor-based functional performance monitoring system. The system consists of an array of Wii Balance Boards (WBB) and an exergame that estimates whether the player can maintain physical independence, comparing the results with the 30 s Chair-Stand Test (30CST). Methods Sixteen participants recruited at a nursing home performed the 30CST and then played the exergame described here as often as desired during a period of 2 weeks. For each session, features related to walking and standing on the WBBs while playing the exergame were collected. Different classifier algorithms were used to predict the result of the 30CST on a binary basis as able or unable to maintain physical independence. Results By using a Logistic Model Tree, we achieved a maximum accuracy of 91% when estimating whether player's 30CST scores were over or under a threshold of 12 points, our findings suggest that predicting age- and sex-adjusted cutoff scores is feasible. Conclusion An array of WBBs seems to be a viable solution to estimate lower extremity strength and thereby functional performance in a non-invasive and continuous manner. This study provides proof of concept supporting the use of exergames to identify and monitor elderly subjects at risk of losing physical independence.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using an exergame to predict and monitor functional performance and lower extremity strength in older adults, but it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls. The study uses an exergame to collect data and predict physical independence, but it does not report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Bekkers, E. M. J., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Do Patients With Parkinson's Disease With Freezing of Gait Respond Differently Than Those Without to Treadmill Training Augmented by Virtual Reality?
[Journal]  NEUROREHABILITATION AND NEURAL REPAIR 34(5): 440-449.
[Abstract] Background. People with Parkinson's disease and freezing of gait (FOG+) have more falls, postural instability and cognitive impairment compared with FOG-. Objective. To conduct a secondary analysis of the V-TIME study, a randomized, controlled investigation showing a greater reduction of falls after virtual reality treadmill training (TT + VR) compared with usual treadmill walking (TT) in a mixed population of fallers. We addressed whether these treadmill interventions led to similar gains in FOG+ as in FOG-. Methods. A total of 77 FOG+ and 44 FOG- were assigned randomly to TT + VR or TT. Participants were assessed pre- and posttraining and at 6 months' follow-up. Main outcome was postural stability assessed by the Mini Balance Evaluation System Test (Mini-BEST) test. Falls were documented using diaries. Other outcomes included the New Freezing of Gait Questionnaire (NFOG-Q) and the Trail Making Test (TMT-B). Results. Mini-BEST scores and the TMT-B improved in both groups after training (P = .001), irrespective of study arm and FOG subgroup. However, gains were not retained at 6 months. Both FOG+ and FOG- had a greater reduction of falls after TT + VR compared with TT (P = .008). NFOG-Q scores did not change after both training modes in the FOG+ group. Conclusions. Treadmill walking (with or without VR) improved postural instability in both FOG+ and FOG-, while controlling for disease severity differences. As found previously, TT + VR reduced falls more than TT alone, even among those with FOG. Interestingly, FOG itself was not helped by training, suggesting that although postural instability, falls and FOG are related, they may be controlled by different mechanisms.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) augmented treadmill training to improve postural stability and reduce falls in patients with Parkinson's disease, both with and without freezing of gait. While it does involve an exergame (virtual reality treadmill training) and reports on a randomized controlled trial, the primary focus is not specifically on preventing falls in the elderly but rather on a specific condition (Parkinson's disease) and its associated symptoms. Therefore, it does not fully meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Belcher, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    NetballSmart, Implementation of a National Injury Prevention Program.
[Journal]  WOMEN IN SPORT AND PHYSICAL ACTIVITY JOURNAL 32(1).
[Abstract] Reducing lower-limb injuries in netball, particularly anterior cruciate ligament injuries, is a priority. The Accident Compensation Corporation (a no-fault national insurance system) partnered with Netball New Zealand to create the "NetballSmart" injury prevention program. Targeted research informed the successful implementation, dissemination, and adoption of the injury prevention program. Research included a nationwide epidemiological study, video analysis investigating netball injury risk maneuvers, and intervention studies exploring the effectiveness of injury prevention program warm-up resources on physical capability in youth netball. An identified spike in ankle-knee injury incidence of school-age netball players at season start and prior to tournaments along with a high overall prevalence within these ages led to the creation of age-specific educational workshops and resources focused on effective preparation, skill transition, strengthening, and balance. Observational video analysis highlighted behaviors that potentially increased the risk of anterior cruciate ligament injury and a progressive landing skills program was developed. The NetballSmart Dynamic Warm-up and Power Warm-up significantly improved player physical capability. Consequently, time to perform the Power Warm-up before all games at a national intermediate school tournament was incorporated into competition-time, reducing workload by 25%. A targeted social media and ambassador endorsement plan increased performance of the NetballSmart Dynamic Warm-up/ Power Warm-up by 14% prior to games and 15% before trainings nationally. Accident Compensation Corporation injury data between 2018 and 2022 showed a 6,050 (32%) reduction of all body site and a 2,968 (33%) decrease of combined ankle-knee injury claims. Similarly, by 2021 there was a 11% decrease in fractures/dislocations, a 13% decrease in soft tissue injuries, and a 9% decrease in anterior cruciate ligament surgical repairs. During this delivery period, Accident Compensation Corporation reported that the whole of life returns on investment was NZD$4.10, for every dollar funded to the NetballSmart Injury Prevention Programme.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the implementation of an injury prevention program for netball players, particularly focusing on reducing lower-limb injuries such as anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injuries. The intervention includes warm-up exercises and educational resources, but it does not involve exergames. Additionally, the target population is not specifically older people, but rather youth and school-age netball players. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Belhaiza, S., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    A data-driven game theoretic multi-objective hybrid algorithm for the Dial-A-Ride Problem with multiple time windows.
[Journal]  TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH PART A-POLICY AND PRACTICE 178.
[Abstract] The Dial-A-Ride Problem (DARP) designs pick-up and delivery routes for a set of customers. It arises in door-to-door transport services tailored to elderly and impaired people. It minimizes operational costs while accommodating as many drivers' and customers' constraints as possible; e.g., constraints on transit time and time windows on pick up and drop off.This paper develops a two-layer and a three-layer artificial neural network (ANN) to predict DARP parameters. The ANN is trained with real data provided by a transit agency from the Canadian city/region of Vancouver. Experimental results show that a three-layer ANN with rectified linear activation functions in conjunction with a stochastic gradient descent optimizer provides the most accurate output forecasts.Utilizing the predictions as parameter estimates for a deterministic mean DARP with multiple time windows (DARPMTW), this paper models the problem as a Company-Drivers-Customers' theoretic game that minimizes the total route duration and maximizes the minimal satisfaction of the drivers and the customers. It shows that non-dominated Pareto feasible solutions satisfy the Nash equilibrium conditions of the game-theoretic model. It then creates a multi-objective hybrid adaptive large neighborhood search (DD-HALNS) to estimate the Pareto front. The multi-objective DD-HALNS algorithm confines its search to feasible solutions that sat-isfy the Nash equilibrium conditions and employs local search operators based on their success rates. The operators are controlled by a learning mechanism that utilizes previous successful moves, cost savings, and utility maximization. Four hybridization operators are applied, namely Simulated Annealing, Tabu Lists, Genetic Crossover, and Restarts. The results of experiments conducted on real-world DARPMTW instances demonstrate the ability of the multi-objective DD-HALNS to enhance the best-known routing solutions, as well as its implementability.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing an algorithm to solve the Dial-A-Ride Problem (DARP) with multiple time windows, which is a transportation problem. It does not involve the use of exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The focus is on optimizing transportation routes and schedules for elderly and impaired people, but it does not meet the criteria for being about exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Bellino, A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Owning the Trauma Bay: Teaching Trauma Resuscitation to Emergency Medicine Residents and Nurses through In-situ Simulation.
[Journal]  Journal of education & teaching in emergency medicine 5(4): S108-S148.
[Abstract] Audience: The following two cases were designed to address learning objectives specific to interns, junior residents, and senior residents in emergency medicine, as well as trauma-certified emergency nurses.Introduction: Traumatic and unintentional injuries account for 5.8 million deaths across the globe each year, with a high proportion of those deaths occurring within the initial hour from the time of injury. This "golden hour" begins in the pre-hospital setting yet is predominantly spent in the emergency department (ED).1 Being able to effectively manage the multidisciplinary team required to care for trauma patients is crucial to providing timely and appropriate care. In-situ simulation, where the learning case is moved out of the simulation lab and into the typical workplace, has emerged as a powerful training tool for improving care-systems and team dynamics.2,3 Multiple specialties have shown in-situ simulation to be an effective strategy to teach both educational content as well as critical procedural and communication skills.4,5 In-situ simulation training has also been applied with similar success to trauma management, allowing for the simultaneous education of different learners with different roles in trauma resuscitations.6,7 We present two in-situ simulation cases with specific educational objectives and feedback mechanisms that allow for easy implementation of a cost-effective approach to training multidisciplinary emergency medicine providers in trauma management.Educational Objectives: The core objectives of these simulations center on effective teamwork and communication during trauma resuscitation of a critically ill patient. Both cases are designed to include maneuvers that require coordinating team members' actions during a stressful situation such as rolling a vomiting patient with a head injury and applying a binder to an unstable pelvic fracture. While the cases are largely focused on improving communication, salient learning points on emergent management of intracranial hemorrhage and unstable pelvic fractures are highlighted during the encounter. In addition, this simulation module allowed for the practice of graduated level of responsibilities amongst residents in the trauma bay.Educational Methods: Two in-situ simulation cases were run with the same group of learners using standardized patient actors as patients and functional medical equipment in actual rooms in the emergency department to recreate a realistic experience. These groups were composed of emergency medicine residents with at least one intern, one junior resident, and one senior resident in each group as well as a bedside nurse, documenting nurse, and simulation instructor. Each case was followed by a group debriefing session using multiple sources of feedback. Standardized patients, bedside nursing, and simulation instructors were all incorporated into the feedback and debriefing process.Research Methods: Pre- and post-simulation surveys were given to participants to assess their confidence in participating and leading trauma resuscitations.Results: A total of 29 emergency medicine residents completed both our pre- and post-survey. We found that less than half of those surveyed felt comfortable leading trauma resuscitations. After the simulation scenarios, an overwhelming majority agreed that they felt more prepared to run trauma resuscitations as a result of the simulation experience. In their free response comments participants also remarked upon the ability of in-situ simulation to better foster realistic learning opportunities with regards to communication and resuscitation management.Discussion: Based on our survey results, we found that a large portion of our participants did not feel comfortable leading trauma resuscitations. The post-survey and the free-text responses collected during the case scenarios show that our in-situ simulation proved to be an effective way to teach various types of learners new trauma roles and optimize high-stress communication during resuscitations. The use of in-situ simulation provides an effective and easily adapted framework even for those outside of academic centers and simulation labs while also offering an opportunity for multidisciplinary growth. Regular incorporation of similar learning opportunities into resident, nursing, and staff education can lead to better communication and teamwork during in-vivo patient encounters.Topics: Trauma resuscitation, in-situ simulation, code leader education, communication training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using in-situ simulation to teach trauma resuscitation to emergency medicine residents and nurses. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are emergency medicine residents and nurses, the intervention is a simulation for trauma resuscitation, and the study is not focused on older people or fall prevention.

[Author]   Benemerito, I., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Delivering computationally-intensive digital patient applications to the clinic: An exemplar solution to predict femoral bone strength from CT data.
[Journal]  COMPUTER METHODS AND PROGRAMS IN BIOMEDICINE 208.
[Abstract] A B S T R A C T Background and objective: Whilst fragility hip fractures commonly affect elderly people, often causing per-manent disability or death, they are rarely addressed in advance through preventive techniques. Quan-tification of bone strength can help to identify subjects at risk, thus reducing the incidence of fractures in the population. In recent years, researchers have shown that finite element models (FEMs) of the hip joint, derived from computed tomography (CT) images, can predict bone strength more accurately than other techniques currently used in the clinic. The specialised hardware and trained personnel required to perform such analyses, however, limits the widespread adoption of FEMs in clinical contexts. In this manuscript we present CT2S (Computed Tomography To Strength), a system developed in collaboration between The University of Sheffield and Sheffield Teaching Hospitals, designed to streamline access to this complex workflow for clinical end-users. Methods: The system relies on XNAT and makes use of cus-tom apps based on open source software. Available through a website, it allows doctors in the healthcare environment to benefit from FE based bone strength estimation without being exposed to the technical aspects, which are concealed behind a user-friendly interface. Clinicians request the analysis of CT scans of a patient through the website. Using XNAT functionality, the anonymised images are automatically transferred to the University research facility, where an operator processes them and estimates the bone strength through FEM using a combination of open source and commercial software. Following the analy-sis, the doctor is provided with the results in a structured report. Results: The platform, currently available for research purposes, has been deployed and fully tested in Sheffield, UK. The entire analysis requires processing times ranging from 3.5 to 8 h, depending on the available computational power. Conclusions: The short processing time makes the system compatible with current clinical workflows. The use of open source software and the accurate description of the workflow given here facilitates the deployment in other centres. (c) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ )
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on a system (CT2S) that uses finite element models (FEMs) derived from CT images to predict femoral bone strength, which can help identify subjects at risk of hip fractures. The intervention described does not involve exergames or any form of physical exercise or cognitive training. Instead, it is a computational tool for clinical use.

[Author]   Bennemann, B., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Predicting patients who will drop out of out-patient psychotherapy using machine learning algorithms.
[Journal]  BRITISH JOURNAL OF PSYCHIATRY 220(4): 192-201.
[Abstract] BackgroundAbout 30% of patients drop out of cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT), which has implications for psychiatric and psychological treatment Findings concerning drop out remain heterogeneous.AimsThis paper aims to compare different machine-learning algorithms using nested cross-validation, evaluate their benefit in naturalistic settings, and identify the best model as well as the most important variables.MethodThe data-set consisted of 2543 out-patients treated with CBT. Assessment took place before session one. Twenty-one algorithms and ensembles were compared. Two parameters (Brier score, area under the curve (AUC)) were used for evaluation.ResultsThe best model was an ensemble that used Random Forest and nearest-neighbour modelling. During tie training process, it was significantly better than generalised linear modelling (GLM) (Brier score: d -2.93, 95% CI (-3.95, -1.90)); AUC: d = 0.59, 95% CI (0.11 to 1.06)). In the holdout sample, the ensemble was able to correctly identify 63.4% of cases of patients, wiereas the GLM only identified 46.2% correctly. The most important predictors were lower education, lower scores on the Personality Style and Disorder Inventory (PSSI) compulsive scale, younger age, higher scores on the PSSI negativistic and PSSI antisocial scale as well as on the Brief Symptom Inventory (BSI) additional scale (mean of the four additional Items) and BSI overall scale.ConclusionsMachine learning improves drop-out predictions. However, not all algorithms are suited to naturalistic data-sets and binary events. Tree-based and boosted algorithms including a variable selection process seem well-suited, whereas more advanced algorithms such as neural networks do not.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about predicting which patients will drop out of outpatient psychotherapy using machine learning algorithms. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, methods, and outcomes are unrelated to exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Benovic, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Introducing a machine learning algorithm for delirium prediction-the Supporting SURgery with GEriatric Co-Management and AI project (SURGE-Ahead).
[Journal]  AGE AND AGEING 53(5).
[Abstract] Introduction Post-operative delirium (POD) is a common complication in older patients, with an incidence of 14-56%. To implement preventative procedures, it is necessary to identify patients at risk for POD. In the present study, we aimed to develop a machine learning (ML) model for POD prediction in older patients, in close cooperation with the PAWEL (patient safety, cost-effectiveness and quality of life in elective surgery) project.Methods The model was trained on the PAWEL study's dataset of 878 patients (no intervention, age >= 70, 209 with POD). Presence of POD was determined by the Confusion Assessment Method and a chart review. We selected 15 features based on domain knowledge, ethical considerations and a recursive feature elimination. A logistic regression and a linear support vector machine (SVM) were trained, and evaluated using receiver operator characteristics (ROC).Results The selected features were American Society of Anesthesiologists score, multimorbidity, cut-to-suture time, estimated glomerular filtration rate, polypharmacy, use of cardio-pulmonary bypass, the Montreal cognitive assessment subscores 'memory', 'orientation' and 'verbal fluency', pre-existing dementia, clinical frailty scale, age, recent falls, post-operative isolation and pre-operative benzodiazepines. The linear SVM performed best, with an ROC area under the curve of 0.82 [95% CI 0.78-0.85] in the training set, 0.81 [95% CI 0.71-0.88] in the test set and 0.76 [95% CI 0.71-0.79] in a cross-centre validation.Conclusion We present a clinically useful and explainable ML model for POD prediction. The model will be deployed in the Supporting SURgery with GEriatric Co-Management and AI project.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a machine learning model to predict post-operative delirium in older patients. It does not involve the use of exergames or any form of physical activity intervention, and it does not focus on preventing falls. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Bergmann, J., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Virtual reality to augment robot-assisted gait training in non-ambulatory patients with a subacute stroke: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF PHYSICAL AND REHABILITATION MEDICINE 54(3): 397-407.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Active performance is crucial for motor learning, and, together with motivation, is believed to be associated with a better rehabilitation outcome. Virtual reality (VR) is an innovative approach to engage and motivate patients during training. There is promising evidence for its efficiency in retraining upper limb function. However, there is insufficient proof for its effectiveness in gait training.AIM: To evaluate the acceptability of robot-assisted gait training (RAGT) with and without VR and the feasibility of potential outcome measures to guide the planning of a larger randomized controlled trial (RCT).DESIGN: Single-blind randomized controlled pilot trial with two parallel aims.SETTING: Rehabilitation hospital.POPULATION: Twenty subacute stroke patients (64 +/- 9 years) with a Functional Ambulation Classification (FAC) <= 2.METHODS: Twelve sessions (over 4 weeks) of either VR-augmented RAGT (intervention group) or standard RAGT (control group). Acceptability of the interventions (drop-out rate, questionnaire), patients' motivation (Intrinsic Motivation Inventory [IMI], individual mean walking time), and feasibility of potential outcome measures (completion rate and response to interventions) were determined.RESULTS: We found high acceptability of repetitive VR-augmented RAGT. The drop-out rate was 1/11 in the intervention and 4/14 in the control group. Patients of the intervention group spent significantly more time walking in the robot than the control group (per session and total walking time; P<0.03). In both groups, motivation measured with the IMI was high over the entire intervention period. The felt pressure and tension significantly decreased in the intervention group (P<0.01) and was significantly lower than in the control group at the last therapy session (r=-0.66, P=0.005). The FAC is suggested as a potential primary outcome measure fora definitive RCT, as it could be assessed in all patients and showed significant response to interventions (P<0.01). We estimated a sample size of 44 for a future RCT.CONCLUSIONS: VR-augmented RAGT resulted in high acceptability and motivation, and in a reduced drop-out rate and an extended training time compared to standard RAGT. This pilot trial provides guidance for a prospective RCT on the effectiveness of VR-augmented RAGT.CLINICAL REHABILITATION IMPACT: VR might be a promising approach to enrich and improve gait rehabilitation after stroke.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) to augment robot-assisted gait training in non-ambulatory patients with a subacute stroke. While the intervention does involve an exergame (VR), the target population is not specifically older people, but rather subacute stroke patients. Additionally, the primary focus is on gait training and rehabilitation after a stroke, not on preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Berkhof, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Relations between changes in safety behavior, paranoid ideations, cognitive biases, and clinical characteristics of patients with a psychotic disorder over time.
[Journal]  SCHIZOPHRENIA RESEARCH 272: 98-103.
[Abstract] Background: Safety behaviors, both positive (maladaptive coping behavior) and negative (avoidance behavior), are used by people with paranoid delusions to avoid perceived threats. Safety behaviors contribute to the persistence of paranoid delusions by preventing disconfirmation of threat beliefs and may influence other psychiatric symptoms. This study investigated how changes in safety behaviors are related to changes in paranoid ideation, social anxiety, depression, cognitive biases and self-esteem over time. Methods: This study included 116 patients diagnosed with a psychotic disorder (DSM-IV) and at least moderate levels of paranoid ideations (GTPS >40).The data were collected as part of a multi-center randomized controlled trial where patients were randomized to VR-CBT (n = 58) or treatment as usual (TAU; n = 58). Assessments were completed at baseline (T0), after three months (T3) and after six months (T6). For all variables, change scores between T0 and T3 and T3 and T6 were calculated and Pearson correlations between change scores were computed. Results: A decrease in total safety behavior was related to diminished paranoid ideation, social anxiety, and depression. No significant temporal associations were found between changes in safety behavior and changes in cognitive biases and self-esteem. Similar but less robust results were found for respectively negative safety behavior and positive safety behavior. Conclusion: Dropping safety behavior can be specifically targeted in behavioral interventions. Whereas there appears to be a relation with reduction in anxiety, paranoia, and depressive symptoms, changes in safety behavior do not seem to align with changes in cognitive thinking processes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the relationship between changes in safety behaviors, paranoid ideations, and other clinical characteristics in patients with a psychotic disorder. It involves a randomized controlled trial using virtual reality cognitive behavioral therapy (VR-CBT) but is not aimed at preventing falls or targeting older people.

[Author]   Beser, Z., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Pelvic Compression Device (Binder) Application Training in Medical Students: A Manikin Study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF TRAUMA NURSING 29(6): 298-304.
[Abstract] Background:Correct application of external pelvic compression devices (binders) is crucial in managing multitrauma patients with suspected pelvic fractures to control hemorrhage. Yet, there is a lack of practical training standards for pelvic compression device application in medical school education. Objective:This study aimed to evaluate simulation training of pelvic compression device application by medical students to determine the number of applications required to meet proficiency measured by correct application and timeliness. Methods:This is an observational cross-sectional measurement study of a convenience sample of 132 volunteer senior medical students who participated in a 30-min theoretical and simulation training session on the application of pelvic compression devices. The study was conducted between January 1, 2020, and March 1, 2020. Two weeks after the training, the students performed 10 consecutive pelvic compression device applications, each followed by a 5-min feedback session break. Application step accuracy and timing were observed and recorded. The percentage of correct applications was compared by chi(2) test. Results:The correct application rate for the first application was 42.4%, with an average of 92 s, 95% confidence interval (CI): 91.00-93.72. The highest correct application rate occurred in the eighth application (97%, p < .001), with an average application time of 87 s, 95% CI: 85.62-87.72. Conclusion:We found that at least eight pelvic compression device manikin applications were required to achieve proficiency.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on training medical students to apply pelvic compression devices (binders) using a manikin, which does not meet the criteria for the intervention being an exergame or targeting fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Besharat, A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Virtual reality doorway and hallway environments alter gait kinematics in people with Parkinson disease and freezing.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 92: 442-448.
[Abstract] Background: Many people with Parkinson disease (PD) experience freezing of gait (FoG), a transient gait disturbance associated with increased fall risk and reduced quality of life. Head-mounted virtual reality (VR) systems allow overground walking and can create immersive simulations of physical environments that induce FoG.Research question: For people with PD who experience FoG (PD+FoG), are kinematic gait changes observed in VR simulations of FoG-provoking environments?Methods: In a cross-sectional experiment, people with PD+FoG walked at their self-selected speed in a physical laboratory and virtual laboratory, doorway, and hallway environments. Motion analysis assessed whole-body kinematics, including lower extremity joint excursions, swing phase toe clearance, trunk flexion, arm swing, sagittal plane inclination angle, and spatiotemporal characteristics. One-way repeated measures analysis of variance was conducted to examine the effects of environment on gait variables, with planned contrasts between laboratory environments and the virtual doorway and hallway.Results: Twelve participants with PD+FoG (mean age [standard deviation]=72.8 [6.5] years, disease duration=8.8 [8.9] years, 3 females) completed the protocol. The environment had significant and widespread effects on kinematic and spatiotemporal variables. Compared to the physical laboratory, reduced joint excursions were observed in the ankle, knee, and hip when walking in the virtual doorway and in the knee and hip when walking in the virtual hallway. In both the virtual doorway and hallway compared to the physical laboratory, peak swing phase toe clearance, arm swing, and inclination angle were reduced, and walking was slower, with shorter, wider steps.Significance: Virtual doorway and hallway environments induced kinematic changes commonly associated with FoG episodes, and these kinematic changes are consistent with forward falls that are common during FoG episodes. Combined with the flexibility of emerging VR technology, this research supports the potential of VR applications designed to improve the understanding, assessment, and treatment of FoG.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older people with Parkinson's disease and uses virtual reality (VR) to simulate environments that can induce freezing of gait (FoG), the primary focus is on assessing kinematic changes in gait rather than on a specific intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is a cross-sectional experiment, not a randomized controlled trial, and it does not report results related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Bettger, J., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Effects of Virtual Exercise Rehabilitation In-Home Therapy Compared with Traditional Care After Total Knee Arthroplasty VERITAS, a Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BONE AND JOINT SURGERY-AMERICAN VOLUME 102(2): 101-109.
[Abstract] Background: Financial burden for patients, providers, and payers can reduce access to physical therapy (PT) after total knee arthroplasty (TKA). The purpose of the present study was to examine the effect of a virtual PT program on health-care costs and clinical outcomes as compared with traditional care after TKA. Methods: At least 10 days before unilateral TKA, patients from 4 clinical sites were enrolled and randomized 1:1 to the virtual PT program (involving an avatar [digitally simulated] coach, in-home 3-dimensional biometrics, and telerehabilitation with remote clinician oversight by a physical therapist) or to traditional PT care in the home or outpatient clinic. The primary outcome was total health-care costs for the 12-week post-hospital period. Secondary (noninferiority) outcomes included 6 and 12-week Knee injury and Osteoarthritis Outcome Score (KOOS); 6-week knee extension, knee flexion, and gait speed; and 12-week safety measures (patient-reported falls, pain, and hospital readmissions). All outcomes were analyzed on a modified intent-to-treat basis. Results: Of 306 patients (mean age, 65 years; 62.5% women) who were randomized from November 2016 to November 2017, 290 had TKA and 287 (including 143 in the virtual PT group and 144 in the usual care group) completed the trial. Virtual PT had lower costs at 12 weeks after discharge than usual care (median, $1,050 compared with $2,805; p < 0.001). Mean costs were $2,745 lower for virtual PT patients. Virtual PT patients had fewer rehospitalizations than the usual care group (12 compared with 30; p = 0.007). Virtual PT was noninferior to usual PT in terms of the KOOS at 6 weeks (difference, 0.77; 90% confidence interval [CI], -1.68 to 3.23) and 12 weeks (difference, -2.33; 90% CI, -4.98 to 0.31). Virtual PT was also noninferior to usual care at 6 weeks in terms of knee extension, knee flexion, and gait speed and at 12 weeks in terms of pain and hospital readmissions. Falls were reported by 19.4% of virtual PT patients and 14.6% of usual care patients (difference, 4.83%; 90% CI, -2.60 to 12.25). Conclusions: Relative to traditional home or clinic PT, virtual PT with telerehabilitation for skilled clinical oversight significantly lowered 3-month health-care costs after TKA while providing similar effectiveness. These findings have important implications for patients, health systems, and payers. Virtual PT with clinical oversight should be considered for patients managed with TKA.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a virtual physical therapy program for patients after total knee arthroplasty (TKA). While it does involve a form of virtual exercise and includes older people, the primary focus is on health-care costs and clinical outcomes, not specifically on preventing falls in the elderly. The study does report on falls, but this is not the main intervention or outcome. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Beurskens, R., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Dynamic stability of individuals with transtibial amputation walking in destabilizing environments.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 47(7): 1675-1681.
[Abstract] Lower limb amputation substantially disrupts motor and proprioceptive function. People with lower limb amputation experience considerable impairments in walking ability, including increased fall risk. Understanding the biomechanical aspects of the gait of these patients is crucial in improving their gait function and their quality of life. In the present study, 9 persons with unilateral transtibial amputation and 13 able-bodied controls walked on a large treadmill in a Computer Assisted Rehabilitation Environment (CAREN). While walking, subjects were either not perturbed, or were perturbed either by continuous mediolateral platform movements or by continuous mediolateral movements of the visual scene. Means and standard deviations of both step lengths and step widths increased significantly during both perturbation conditions (all p < 0.001) for both groups. Measures of variability, local and orbital dynamic stability of trunk movements likewise exhibited large and highly significant increases during both perturbation conditions (all p <0.001) for both groups. Patients with amputation exhibited greater step width variability (p = 0.01) and greater trunk movement variability (p = 0.04) during platform perturbations, but did not exhibit greater local or orbital instability than healthy controls for either perturbation conditions. Our findings suggest that, in the absence of other co-morbidities, patients with unilateral transtibial amputation appear to retain sufficient sensory and motor function to maintain overall upper body stability during walking, even when substantially challenged. Additionally, these patients did not appear to rely more heavily on visual feedback to maintain trunk stability during these walking tasks. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on individuals with transtibial amputation and their dynamic stability while walking in destabilizing environments, using a Computer Assisted Rehabilitation Environment (CAREN). It is not specifically about exergames, and the participants are not described as elderly. Additionally, the study does not mention a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Bevilacqua, R., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of Technological Interventions for Older Adults WithParkinson Disease:Systematic Review.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 12.
[Abstract] Background: Among the older population, Parkinson disease (PD) stands out as a leading contributor to disability. Clinically, the foremost objectives in managing PD involve proactively delaying and preventing disability. Understanding the pivotal role of gait and balance in daily functionality holds substantial clinical significance, signaling imminent disability and prompting a reevaluation of management approaches. A key priority lies in identifying novel and effective interventions for symptoms that substantially contribute to disability. Objective: This paper presents a systematic review that critically examines the existing body of literature on the use of technology in the rehabilitation of older patients with PD. By synthesizing current evidence, we aim to provide insights into the state of the field, identify gaps in knowledge, and offer recommendations for future research and clinical practice. Methods: A systematic review of the literature was conducted in September 2023 analyzing manuscripts and papers of the last 5 years from the PubMed, Scopus, Embase, Web of Science, and CINAHL databases following PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) guidelines. A total of 14 papers were included. The inclusion criteria are as follows: (1) randomized controlled trial, (2) PD in people aged 65 years and older, and (3) use of technology in the rehabilitation training in the older population. Results: A large portion of effective interventions relies on the incorporation of technology, particularly through virtual reality exergames. This technology appears to have effects not only on the cognitive aspect but also on the physical domain. The analysis of the results clearly indicates that, in terms of gait and balance performance, the technological intervention outperforms the traditional approach, irrespective of the specific technology employed. Conclusions: This systematic review seeks to shed light on the evolving landscape of technology-assisted rehabilitation for older individuals with PD. As we delve into the available evidence, we will assess the extent to which technology can serve as a valuable adjunct to conventional therapy, offering new avenues for optimized care and improved outcomes in this growing patient demographic. As we sift through the existing evidence, our goal is to evaluate the potential of technology as a valuable supplement to traditional therapy, presenting fresh opportunities for enhanced care and better outcomes in this expanding patient demographic.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that examines the use of technology, including virtual reality exergames, for the rehabilitation of older adults with Parkinson's disease. While it does mention the use of exergames and includes randomized controlled trials, the paper itself is a review and not an original study. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it is not a primary research paper reporting new data.

[Author]   Beylergil, S. B., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Does visuospatial motion perception correlate with coexisting movement disorders in Parkinson's disease?
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROLOGY 269(4): 2179-2192.
[Abstract] Postural instability and balance impairment are common in Parkinson's disease (PD). Multiple factors, such as increased tone, bradykinesia, freezing of gait, posture, axial stiffness, and involuntary appendicular movements, can affect balance. The recent studies found that PD patients have abnormal perception of self-motion in vestibular domain. We asked whether measures of balance function, such as perception of one's motion, correlate with specific movement disorders seen in PD. Moving retinal image or self-motion in space triggers the perception of self-motion. We measured one's linear motion (heading) perception when subjects were moved en bloc using a moving platform (vestibular heading). Similar motion perception was generated in the visual domain (visual heading) by having the subjects view a 3D optical flow with immersive virtual reality goggles. During both tasks, the subjects reported the motion direction in the two-alternative-forced-choice paradigm. The accuracy of perceived motion direction was calculated from the responses fitted to the psychometric function curves to estimate how accurately and precisely the subjects can perceive rightward versus leftward motion (i.e., threshold and slope). Response accuracies and psychometric parameters were correlated with the disease duration, disease severity (total Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale-III, UPDRS-III), and tremor, rigidity, axial, gait/posture components of UPRDS-III. We also correlated heading perception with the number of falls and subjective assessment of balance confidence using the Activities-Specific Balance Component (ABC) Scale. Accuracy, threshold, and sensitivity of vestibular heading perception significantly correlated with the disease duration and severity, particularly the tremor. Correlations were stronger for leftward heading perception in the vestibular domain. The visual heading perception was correlated with ABC Scale, especially with its items concerning optic-flow processing. There was asymmetry in leftward versus rightward vestibular heading perception. The level of asymmetry correlated with the axial component of UPDRS-III. Differences in the clinical parameters that correlate with visual versus vestibular heading perception suggest that two heading perception processes have different mechanistic underpinnings. The correlation of discordance between vestibular and visual heading perception with disease severity and duration suggests that visual function can be utilized for balance rehab in PD patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the correlation between visuospatial motion perception and movement disorders in Parkinson's disease, using a moving platform and immersive virtual reality goggles to measure motion perception. While it does involve older people with Parkinson's disease and uses virtual reality, the primary focus is on understanding the relationship between motion perception and specific movement disorders, rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Beylergil, S. B., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Subthalamic deep brain stimulation affects heading perception in Parkinson's disease.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROLOGY 269(1): 253-268.
[Abstract] Parkinson's disease (PD) presents with visuospatial impairment and falls. It is critical to understand how subthalamic deep brain stimulation (STN DBS) modulates visuospatial perception. We hypothesized that DBS has different effects on visual and vestibular perception of linear motion (heading), a critical aspect of visuospatial navigation; and such effects are specific to modulated STN location. Two-alternative forced-choice experiments were performed in 14 PD patients with bilateral STN DBS and 19 age-matched healthy controls (HC) during passive en bloc linear motion and 3D optic-flow in immersive virtual reality measured vestibular and visual heading. Objective measure of perception with Weibull psychometric function revealed that PD has significantly lower accuracy [L: 60.71 (17.86)%, R: 74.82 (17.44)%] and higher thresholds [L: 16.68 (12.83), R: 10.09 (7.35)] during vestibular task in both directions compared to HC (p < 0.05). DBS significantly improved vestibular discrimination accuracy [81.40 (14.36)%] and threshold [4.12 (5.87), p < 0.05] in the rightward direction. There were no DBS effects on the slopes of vestibular psychometric curves. Visual heading perception was better than vestibular and it was comparable to HC. There was no significant effect of DBS on visual heading response accuracy or discrimination threshold (p > 0.05). Patient-specific DBS models revealed an association between change in vestibular heading perception and the modulation of the dorsal STN. In summary, DBS may have different effects on vestibular and visual heading perception in PD. These effects may manifest via dorsal STN putatively by its effects on the cerebellum.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of subthalamic deep brain stimulation (STN DBS) on heading perception in Parkinson's disease patients, using immersive virtual reality as a tool for measuring vestibular and visual heading. The intervention is not an exergame, and the primary focus is on visuospatial perception rather than fall prevention.

[Author]   Bhattacharya, P., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Novel multi-cluster workflow system to support real-time HPC-enabled epidemic science: Investigating the impact of vaccine acceptance on COVID-19 spread.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF PARALLEL AND DISTRIBUTED COMPUTING 191.
[Abstract] We present MacKenzie, a HPC-driven multi-cluster workflow system that was used repeatedly to configure and execute fine-grained US national-scale epidemic simulation models during the COVID-19 pandemic. Mackenzie supported federal and Virginia policymakers, in real-time, for a large number of "what-if" scenarios during the COVID-19 pandemic, and continues to be used to answer related questions as COVID-19 transitions to the endemic stage of the disease. MacKenzie is a novel HPC meta-scheduler that can execute US-scale simulation models and associated workflows that typically present significant big data challenges. The meta-scheduler optimizes the total execution time of simulations in the workflow, and helps improve overall human productivity. As an exemplar of the kind of studies that can be conducted using Mackenzie, we present a modeling study to understand the impact of vaccine-acceptance in controlling the spread of COVID-19 in the US. We use a 288 million node synthetic social contact network (digital twin) spanning all 50 US states plus Washington DC, comprised of 3300 counties, with 12 billion daily interactions. The highly-resolved agent-based model used for the epidemic simulations uses realistic information about disease progression, vaccine uptake, production schedules, acceptance trends, prevalence, and social distancing guidelines. Computational experiments show that, for the simulation workload discussed above, MacKenzie is able to scale up well to 10 K CPU cores. Our modeling results show that, when compared to faster and accelerating vaccinations, slower vaccination rates due to vaccine hesitancy cause averted infections to drop from 6.7M to 4.5M, and averted total deaths to drop from 39.4 K to 28.2 K across the US. This occurs despite the fact that the final vaccine coverage is the same in both scenarios. We also find that if vaccine acceptance could be increased by 10% in all states, averted infections could be increased from 4.5M to 4.7M (a 4.4% improvement) and total averted deaths could be increased from 28.2 K to 29.9 K (a 6% improvement) nationwide.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a high-performance computing (HPC) system used for simulating the impact of vaccine acceptance on the spread of COVID-19. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Bhattacharyya, R., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Evaluating the effectiveness of the Imperial Femoral Intramedullary Nailing Cognitive Task Analysis (IFINCTA) tool in a real-time simulation setting (Distributed Interactive Simulation): a randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  INJURY-INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF THE CARE OF THE INJURED 52(11): 3420-3426.
[Abstract] Introduction: Working time regulations, senior led service delivery and increasing complexity of surgical technology has led to significant strains in surgical training. Additionally, the current COVID-19 pandemic has placed substantial limitations on surgical training worldwide. Contact free, remote, web-based, validated learning tools which are easily accessible and allows repeated, sustained practice are the need of the hour. Cognitive Task Analysis (CTA) have been used extensively to train pilots and military personnel and has shown excellent early results within orthopaedic training. We designed a femoral nailing CTA tool which showed objective benefits in the enhancement of cognitive knowledge in medical students. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of this CTA tool to enhance practical skills in orthopaedic trainees in a real time interactive simulation setting (Distributed Interactive Simulation (DIS)).Methods: This was a double blinded, randomized controlled trial. 14 junior orthopaedic residents who met the inclusion criteria were recruited in the study. They were randomized into two equal groups. The intervention group were given the CTA learning tool, the control group were given a standard operative technique manual used for antegrade femoral intramedullary nailing. The participants were assessed on a high-fidelity phantom femur model with actual femoral nailing instruments in a simulation mobile operating theatre where the candidate had a simulation patient, an acting anesthetist and a scrub nurse (DIS). They were assessed using the modified Objective Structured Assessment of Technical Skills (OSATS) rating scale which has been validated for orthopaedic trauma.Results: The median OSATS score in the intervention group was 49 (+/- 4.93, range 39-55) compared to 17 in the control group (+/- 14.98, range 12-51). The median improvement was by 32 points (p = 0.02). The ICC between the two raters was 0.977.Conclusions: This study has demonstrated objective benefits of a novel femoral nailing CTA tool in the enhancement of practical skills for junior trainees in the DIS setting. This adds to the growing evidence supporting the use of CTA in orthopaedic training. This tool can be accessed remotely, is contact free and allows repeated sustained practice which is key in simulation training. Crown Copyright (C) 2021 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a Cognitive Task Analysis (CTA) tool designed to enhance practical skills in orthopaedic trainees, and it is not an exergame. Additionally, the target population is junior orthopaedic residents, not older people.

[Author]   Bhattacharyya, R., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    The virtual fracture clinic: Reducing unnecessary review of clavicle fractures.
[Journal]  INJURY-INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF THE CARE OF THE INJURED 48(3): 720-723.
[Abstract] Introduction: We re-designed the outpatient management of trauma at our institution to eliminate appointments if there would be no change in management or information provision. All cases referred by the Emergency Department (ED) were reviewed at a Virtual Fracture Clinic (VFC) by an orthopaedic consultant and telephoned afterwards by a senior nurse. If face-to-face review was required, it was arranged at a specialist shoulder clinic.Aims: The primary aim of this study was to evaluate the proportion of clavicle fractures that could be discharged without physical review. The secondary aim was to assess the patient reported functional outcome and satisfaction among patients who were discharged without further review.Patients and methods: A retrospective review was performed of patients who attended the ED with a clavicle fracture between October 2011 and September 2012. 138 patients were included. The number of patients who were discharged without a physical review was analysed. All radiographs were classified according to the Robinson classification. We recorded the number of undisplaced/ minimally-displaced fractures that were discharged virtually. The number of patients with a displaced midshaft fracture who were seen at a specialist clinic was also recorded. A questionnaire was sent to all patients at one year postinjury to evaluate their outcome (QuickDASH and EQ-5D) and satisfaction with the new service.Results: 62/ 138 (45%) were directly discharged from the VFC. The majority of virtual discharges occurred in the undisplaced fracture types (84% versus 13%, RR 6.4, 95% CI 3.5-11.5). 78% patients responded to the questionnaires. 91% of patients were satisfied with their recovery from the injury. 86.4% patients were satisfied with the information provided regarding their treatment. In the virtually discharged group the mean EQ-5D VAS was 78.1 (EQ5D range 0.06-1, SD 0.248). The mean Quick DASH score was 16.1(SD 25.2).Conclusions: Virtual discharge of undisplaced clavicle fractures is appropriate and results in acceptable clinical outcomes and patient satisfaction. This redesigned process has significant benefits for patients as there were far fewer hospital visits by avoiding unnecessary appointments. The orthopaedic service also benefited by having more time available for the management of complex cases. Crown Copyright (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a Virtual Fracture Clinic (VFC) to manage clavicle fractures, with the aim of reducing unnecessary hospital visits. It does not involve exergames or any form of exercise or cognitive training for fall prevention in the elderly. The study focuses on the management and follow-up of patients with clavicle fractures, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Bhattacharyya, R., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Trauma simulation training: a randomized controlled trial -evaluating the effectiveness of the Imperial Femoral Intramedullary Nailing Cognitive Task Analysis (IFINCTA) tool.
[Journal]  ACTA ORTHOPAEDICA 89(6): 689-695.
[Abstract] Background and purpose - Cognitive task analysis (CTA) has been used extensively to train pilots and in other surgical specialties. However, the use of CTA within orthopedics is in its infancy. We evaluated the effectiveness of a novel CTA tool to improve understanding of the procedural steps in antegrade femoral intramedullary nailing. Material and methods - Design: A modified Delphi technique was used to generate a CTA from 3 expert orthopedic trauma surgeons for antegrade femoral intramedullary nailing. The written and audiovisual information was combined to describe the technical steps, decision points, and errors for each phase of this procedure Validation: A randomized double-blind controlled trial was undertaken with 22 medical students (novices) randomized into 2 equal groups. The intervention group were given the CTA tool and the control group were given a standard operative technique manual. They were assessed using the validated "Touch Surgery (TM)" application assessment tool on femoral intramedullary nailing. Results - The pre-test scores between the two groups were similar. However, the post-test scores were statistically significantly better in the intervention group compared with the control group. The improvement (post-test median scores) in the intervention group compared with the control group was 20% for patient positioning and preparation, 21% for femoral preparation, 10% for proximal locking, and 19% for distal locking respectively (p < 0.001 for all comparisons). Interpretation - This is the first multimedia CTA tool in femoral intramedullary nailing that is easily accessible, user-friendly, and has demonstrated significant benefits in training novices over the traditional use of operative technique manuals.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a Cognitive Task Analysis (CTA) tool designed to improve the understanding and performance of a surgical procedure (femoral intramedullary nailing) among medical students. The study does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and focuses on surgical training rather than fall prevention.

[Author]   Bhowmik, N., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Genesis of plasticity-induced serrated metal flow in medium-Mn steel.
[Journal]  CALPHAD-COMPUTER COUPLING OF PHASE DIAGRAMS AND THERMOCHEMISTRY 77.
[Abstract] Serration is a complex issue in medium-Mn steel, associated with a jerky metal flow and deformation banding. The problem has been well debated over the decades. In order to investigate the reason, a medium-Mn steel is prepared by hot-rolling in the austenitic domain, followed by air cooling. This results in martensitic microstructure due to high hardenability provided by adequate austenite stabilizers (C, Mn, Ni) in the steel. The intercritical annealing was performed for martensite to austenite reversion at 650 degrees C for different durations. From solute partitioning kinetics estimated by Dictra simulation, it appears that martensite released C-atoms, but the product austenite could not occupy them into octahedral under thermodynamic and kinetic constraints. This leads to an undissolved state of C, disowned by both martensite and austenite. With an enhanced diffusivity by intercritical annealing at 650 degrees C, those undissolved C-atoms without a bonding restriction repeatedly interact with sample dislocations, acquired from the rolling process and martensite. The interaction minimizes elastic energy by forming numerous C-dislocation aggregates into clusters, as the building block of Cottrell atmospheres. In metal plasticity theory, the Cottrell atmosphere usually dictates at room temperature. This work suggests it at an elevated temperature to enlighten hitherto unexplored mechanism of the dynamical C-dislocation interaction behind serrations. Additionally, austenite inhomogeneity by a lack of redistribution of Ni and Mn at 650 degrees C is found to be responsible for a staircase-wise propagation of the jerky metal flow.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the genesis of plasticity-induced serrated metal flow in medium-Mn steel. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on materials science and metallurgy, specifically the behavior of medium-Mn steel under different thermal and mechanical conditions.

[Author]   Bilgic, E., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Trends in the Fundamentals of Laparoscopic SurgeryA® (FLS) certification exam over the past 9 years.
[Journal]  SURGICAL ENDOSCOPY AND OTHER INTERVENTIONAL TECHNIQUES 32(4): 2101-2105.
[Abstract] The Fundamentals of Laparoscopic SurgeryA (R) (FLS) certification exam assesses both cognitive and manual skills, and has been administered for over a decade. The purpose of this study is to report results over the past 9 years of testing in order to identify trends over time and evaluate the need to update scoring practices. This is a quality initiative of the SAGES FLS committee.A representative sample of FLS exam data from 2008 to 2016 was analyzed. The de-identified data included demographics and scores for the cognitive and manual tests. Standard descriptive statistics were used to compare trends over the years, training levels, and to assess the pass/fail rate.A total of 7232 FLS tests were analyzed [64% male, 6.4% junior (postgraduate year-PGY1-2), 84% senior (PGY3-5), 2.8% fellows (PGY6), and 6.7% attending surgeons (PGY7)]. Specialties included 93% general surgery (GS), 6.2% gynecology, and 0.9% urology. The Pearson correlation between cognitive and manual scores was 0.09. For the cognitive exam, there was an increase in scores over the years, and the most junior residents scored the lowest. For the manual skills, there were marginal differences in scores over the years, and junior residents scored the highest. The odds ratio of PGY3+ passing was 1.8 (CI 1.2-2.8) times higher than that of a PGY1-2. The internal consistency between tasks on the manual skills exam was 0.73. If any one of the tasks was removed, the Cronbach's alpha dropped to between 0.65 and 0.71, depending on the task being removed.The cognitive and manual components of FLS test different aspects of laparoscopy and demonstrate evidence for reliability and validity. More experienced trainees have a higher likelihood of passing the exam and tend to perform better on the cognitive skills. Each component of the manual skills contributes to the exam and should continue to be part of the test.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the trends in the Fundamentals of Laparoscopic Surgery (FLS) certification exam over the past 9 years. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any form of virtual reality, video games, or electronic games. The study focuses on evaluating the FLS certification exam and its scoring practices, and it is not related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Billichova, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Comparing the performance of statistical, machine learning, and deep learning algorithms to predict time-to-event: A simulation study for conversion to mild cognitive impairment.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 19(1).
[Abstract] Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) is a condition characterized by a decline in cognitive abilities, specifically in memory, language, and attention, that is beyond what is expected due to normal aging. Detection of MCI is crucial for providing appropriate interventions and slowing down the progression of dementia. There are several automated predictive algorithms for prediction using time-to-event data, but it is not clear which is best to predict the time to conversion to MCI. There is also confusion if algorithms with fewer training weights are less accurate. We compared three algorithms, from smaller to large numbers of training weights: a statistical predictive model (Cox proportional hazards model, CoxPH), a machine learning model (Random Survival Forest, RSF), and a deep learning model (DeepSurv). To compare the algorithms under different scenarios, we created a simulated dataset based on the Alzheimer NACC dataset. We found that the CoxPH model was among the best-performing models, in all simulated scenarios. In a larger sample size (n = 6,000), the deep learning algorithm (DeepSurv) exhibited comparable accuracy (73.1%) to the CoxPH model (73%). In the past, ignoring heterogeneity in the CoxPH model led to the conclusion that deep learning methods are superior. We found that when using the CoxPH model with heterogeneity, its accuracy is comparable to that of DeepSurv and RSF. Furthermore, when unobserved heterogeneity is present, such as missing features in the training, all three models showed a similar drop in accuracy. This simulation study suggests that in some applications an algorithm with a smaller number of training weights is not disadvantaged in terms of accuracy. Since algorithms with fewer weights are inherently easier to explain, this study can help artificial intelligence research develop a principled approach to comparing statistical, machine learning, and deep learning algorithms for time-to-event predictions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about comparing the performance of different types of algorithms (statistical, machine learning, and deep learning) in predicting the time-to-event for conversion to mild cognitive impairment. It does not involve an intervention using exergames or any other form of exercise-based games for preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Biswas, A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Automatic fall detection using Orbbec Astra 3D pro depth images.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF INTELLIGENT & FUZZY SYSTEMS 43(2): 1707-1715.
[Abstract] Falls particularly among the older population has always been a matter of concern. With the steady rise of small families, the elderly is very often left alone at home. Dedicated nurses or caretakers are quite expensive. Thus, intelligent monitoring systems with automatic fall detection systems installed at home or nursing homes could be a game changer in such applications. In this paper, a simple yet effective fall detection system based on computer vision. Novelty of this paper is that it uses the Yolo v2 network on the depth videos for extracting the subject from cluttered background. The robust performance of the YOLOv2 network ensures accurate subject detection and removes the need for any complicated fall detection algorithm. Fall detection is carried out using subject's height to width ratio and fall velocity. These parameters are simple and easy to calculate and yet provide effective results. The input data is captured using the Orbbec Astra 3D camera.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about an automatic fall detection system using 3D depth images and computer vision, specifically the YOLOv2 network. It does not involve the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus is on detecting falls rather than preventing them through exergames.

[Author]   Bjelkova, K. and J. Horak (2022). 
[Title]    Finding a suitable coat: The ecology of the invasive deer ked (<i>Lipoptena cervi</i> (Linnaeus, 1758); Diptera: Hippoboscidae), an ectoparasite of large mammals in the Czech Republic.
[Journal]  MEDICAL AND VETERINARY ENTOMOLOGY 36(4): 480-485.
[Abstract] Some parasitic diseases of wild animals are transmissible to humans and cause health problems. A widespread ectoparasite of vertebrates is the deer ked, Lipoptena cervi ((L.); Diptera: Hippoboscidae). We studied the interaction of this parasite with habitat-related, host-related, and temporal factors in the Czech Republic. We analysed observations of its abundance in hunted wild animals in the context of their environment. Our results confirmed that cervids are a preferred host species. Most of the other relationships between ked abundance and the studied factors were probably due to the olfactory preferences of keds. Males and older individuals of the game host species were more attractive to the parasites for this reason. The higher abundance of keds at the beginning of the hunting season can be explained by their phenology. The deer ked can significantly affect the management of game species. We conclude that its preference for older male cervids is important for the future conditions of game animals. The population densities of deer keds in areas with high parasitization rates could thus be influenced by active game management.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the ecology of the invasive deer ked, an ectoparasite of large mammals, and does not discuss the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Blackburn, H. N., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    External validation in an intermediate unit of a respiratory decompensation model trained in an intensive care unit.
[Journal]  SURGERY 161(3): 760-770.
[Abstract] Background. Preventing urgent intubation and upgrade in level of care in patients with subclinical deterioration could be of great utility in hospitalized patients. Early detection should result in decreased mortality, duration of stay, and/or resource use. The goal of this study was to externally validate a previously developed, vital sign-based, intensive care unit, respiratory instability model on a separate population, intermediate care patients.Methods. From May 2014 to May 2016, the model calculated relative risk of adverse events every 15 minutes (n = 373,271 observations) for 2,050 patients in a surgical intermediate care unit.Results. We identified 167 upgrades and 57 intubations. The performance of the model for predicting upgrades within 12 hours was highly significant with an area under the curve of 0.693 (95% confidence interval, 0.658-0.724). The model was well calibrated with relative risks in the highest and lowest deciles of 2.99 and 0.45, respectively (a 6.6-fold increase). The model was effective at predicting intubation, with a demonstrated area under the curve within 12 hours of the event of 0.748 (95 % confidence interval, 0.685-0.800). The highest and lowest deciles of observed relative risk were 3.91 and 0.39, respectively (a 10.1-fold increase). Univariate analysis of vital signs showed that transfer upgrades were associated, in order of importance, with rising respiration rate, rising heart rate, and falling pulse-oxygen saturation level.Conclusion. The respiratory instability model developed previously is valid in intermediate care patients to predict both urgent intubations and requirements for upgrade in level of care to an intensive care unit.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the external validation of a respiratory decompensation model in an intermediate care unit, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention and target population are unrelated to exergames and fall prevention.

[Author]   Blaine, K. P., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Training Anesthesiology Residents to Care for the Traumatically Injured in the United States.
[Journal]  ANESTHESIA AND ANALGESIA 136(5): 861-876.
[Abstract] Training and education for trauma anesthesiology have been predicated on 2 primary pathways: learning through peripheral "complex, massive transfusion cases"-an assumption that is flawed due to the unique demands, skills, and knowledge of trauma anesthesiology-or learning through experiential education, which is also incomplete due to its unpredictable and variable exposure. Residents may receive training from senior physicians who may not maintain a trauma-focused continuing medical education. Further compounding the issue is the lack of fellowship-trained clinicians and standardized curricula. The American Board of Anesthesiology (ABA) provides a section for trauma education in its Initial Certification in Anesthesiology Content Outline. However, many trauma-related topics also fall under other subspecialties, and the outline excludes "nontechnical" skills. This article focuses on the training of anesthesiology residents and proposes a tier-based approach to teaching the ABA outline by including lectures, simulation, problem-based learning discussions, and case-based discussions that are proctored in conducive environments by knowledgeable facilitators.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about training anesthesiology residents to care for traumatically injured patients, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are anesthesiology residents, not older people, and the intervention involves educational methods such as lectures, simulations, and discussions, rather than exergames.

[Author]   Bleakley, C. M., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Gaming for Health: A Systematic Review of the Physical and Cognitive Effects of Interactive Computer Games in Older Adults.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF APPLIED GERONTOLOGY 34(3): NP166-NP189.
[Abstract] This systematic review examined the physical and cognitive effects of physically based interactive computer games (ICGs) in older adults. Literature searching was carried out from January 2000 to June 2011. Eligible studies were trials involving older adults (>65 years) describing the effects of ICGs with a physical component (aerobic, strength, balance, flexibility) on physical or cognitive outcomes. Secondary outcomes included adverse effects, compliance, and enjoyment. Twelve trials met the inclusion criteria. ICG interventions varied in terms of software, game type, and nature of the computer interaction. Although there was preliminary evidence that ICG is a safe and effective exercise intervention for older adults, the dearth of high-quality evidence limits this finding. No major adverse effects were reported and two studies reported minor events. ICG could be improved further by tailoring interventions for older adults; in particular, they should aim to optimize participant safety, motivation, and enjoyment for this population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it should not be related to meta-analysis, review, or feasibility analysis without original data. Additionally, while the intervention targets older adults and involves interactive computer games with a physical component, the study design is not a randomized controlled trial (RCT) but rather a review of multiple trials. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Bliss, R. R. and F. C. Church (2021). 
[Title]    Golf as a Physical Activity to Potentially Reduce the Risk of Falls in Older Adults with Parkinson's Disease.
[Journal]  SPORTS 9(6).
[Abstract] Advanced age is associated with an increased risk for falls in aging adults. Older adults are also more likely to be diagnosed with Parkinson's disease (PD), with advanced age as the most significant risk factor. PD is a neurodegenerative disorder with four Cardinal motor symptoms: rigidity, bradykinesia, postural instability, and tremor. Thus, people (person)-with-Parkinson's disease (PwP) have an even greater risk of falling than non-disorder age-matched peers. Exercise is an activity requiring physical effort, typically carried out to sustain or improve overall health and fitness, and it lowers the risk of falls in the general population. The sport of golf provides a low-impact all-around workout promoting a range of motion, activation of muscles in the upper and lower body, flexibility, and balance. Swinging a golf club offers a unique combination of high amplitude axial rotation, strengthening postural musculature, coordination, and stabilization, demonstrating the potential to impact PD symptoms positively. Golf may be a novel exercise treatment regimen for PD to use in conjunction with traditional medical therapy. We completed a literature review to determine the relationship between the game of golf, PD, and the risk of falls. We concluded that regularly playing golf can lower the risk for falls in community ambulating older adults with PD and demonstrates the potential to improve quality of life for PwP.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper discusses the use of golf as a physical activity to potentially reduce the risk of falls in older adults with Parkinson's disease. While it targets older people and aims to reduce the risk of falls, the intervention is not an exergame (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, cognitive training, etc.). Additionally, the paper is based on a literature review rather than a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Bloch, F. (2017). 
[Title]    Literature review and meta-analysis of risk factors for delayed post-traumatic stress disorder in older adults after a fall.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF GERIATRIC PSYCHIATRY 32(2): 136-140.
[Abstract] ObjectiveTo test the hypothesis that post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) can appear after a fall and try to identify predictive factors for its development in older fallers.MethodsSystematic literature review and meta-analyses of studies on PTSD post fall in older subjects.ResultsOne hundred seventy-seven indexed articles were identified, of which three had complete data on PTSD post fall in older subjects. Only the odds ratio of the association between history of fall and occurrence of PTSD was significant (odds ratio=2.79 (95% CI, 1.03-7.53).ConclusionThe trend in our results, even though limited, reveals two groups of subjects: frail subjects that are at risk of developing PTSD and subjects who seem to be resistant to its development. A clear description of these two groups may help us identify the population at risk for delayed PTSD who could then benefit from dedicated treatment. Copyright (c) 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a literature review and meta-analysis focused on identifying risk factors for delayed post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in older adults after a fall. It does not describe an intervention using exergames to prevent falls, nor does it report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Blomkvist, A. W., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Unilateral lower limb strength assessed using the Nintendo Wii Balance Board: a simple and reliable method.
[Journal]  AGING CLINICAL AND EXPERIMENTAL RESEARCH 29(5): 1013-1020.
[Abstract] Background Lower limb weakness is an important risk factor for fall accidents and a predictor for all-cause mortality among older adults. Unilateral whole-lower limb strength may be a better measure of fall risk than the bilateral measure. In addition, a number of clinical conditions affect only one leg, and thus this type of assessment is relevant in clinical settings.Aim To explore the intra-rater reproducibility of the Nintendo Wii Balance Board (WBB) to measure unilateral whole-lower limb strength and to compare the method with stationary isometric muscle apparatus (SID).Method Intra-rater test-retest design with 1 week between sessions. Thirty community-dwelling older adults (69 +/- 4.2 years) were enrolled and examined for maximum lower limb strength in their dominant and non-dominant leg. Intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) was calculated to describe relative reproducibility, while standard error of measurement (SEM), limits of agreement (LOA) and smallest real difference (SRD) were calculated to describe absolute reproducibility between test sessions. Concurrent validity with the SID was explored using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient (PCC).Results No systematic difference was observed between test sessions. ICC was 0.919-0.950 and SEM, LOA and SRD was 2.9-4.1 kg, 24.1-28.3 kg and 7.6-11.3 kg, respectively. Further, the PCC was 0.755 and 0.730 for the dominant limb and the non-dominant limb, respectively.Conclusion A high relative and an acceptable absolute reproducibility was seen when using the Nintendo Wii Balance Board for testing unilateral lower limb strength in community-dwelling older adults. The WBB correlated strongly with the SID.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on the use of the Nintendo Wii Balance Board to measure unilateral lower limb strength in older adults, and it assesses the reproducibility and validity of this method. While the study involves older adults and uses a device that could be part of an exergame, the primary focus is on the measurement of strength rather than on an intervention using exergames to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial with outcomes related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Blomkvist, A. W., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Reference data on reaction time and aging using the Nintendo Wii Balance Board: A cross-sectional study of 354 subjects from 20 to 99 years of age.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 12(12).
[Abstract] BackgroundFalls among older adults is one of the major public health challenges facing the rapidly changing demography. The valid assessment of reaction time (RT) and other well-documented risk factors for falls are mainly restricted to specialized clinics due to the equipment needed. The Nintendo Wii Balance Board has the potential to be a multi-modal test and intervention instrument for these risk factors, however, reference data are lacking.ObjectiveTo provide RT reference data and to characterize the age-related changes in RT measured by the Nintendo Wii Balance Board.MethodHealthy participants were recruited at various locations and their RT in hands and feet were tested by six assessors using the Nintendo Wii Balance Board. Reference data were analysed and presented in age-groups, while the age-related change in RT was tested and characterized with linear regression models.Results354 participants between 20 and 99 years of age were tested. For both hands and feet, mean RT and its variation increased with age. There was a statistically significant non-linear increase in RT with age. The averaged difference between male and female was significant, with males being faster than females for both hands and feet. The averaged difference between dominant and non-dominant side was non-significant.ConclusionThis study reported reference data with percentiles for a new promising method for reliably testing RT. The RT data were consistent with previously known effects of age and gender on RT.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve the Nintendo Wii Balance Board, which can be used in exergames, the study is focused on providing reference data for reaction time (RT) and characterizing age-related changes in RT. It does not describe an intervention aimed at preventing falls, nor does it report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Blumenthal, J., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Gait-Guided Adaptive Interfaces: Managing Cognitive Load In Older Users.
[Journal]  Proceedings of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society Annual Meeting 61(1): 710-714.
[Abstract] Mobile computing provides new ways to interact with technology; applications such as navigation, social facilitation, and augmented reality are used while walking. We introduce Gait-Guided Adaptive Interfaces (GGAIs) as a way to manage cognitive load in dual-task conditions (walking while using a device). Gait markers that can be suitably assessed using smartphone sensors (decreased gait speed, increased variability) have been shown to be indicative of cognitive load in older adults. Motor-cognitive interference is a more significant issue as we age, gait becomes less automatic, and the risk of falls under distraction increases. Apps with GGAIs measure changes in gait to infer load and then adapt the way that the App interacts with the user accordingly. We validate this approach using a simple Go/No-Go task, and then show how gait responds to changes in task complexity. We conclude with a discussion of how GGAIs may be used by developers to improve the usability of apps for older users.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on developing and validating Gait-Guided Adaptive Interfaces (GGAIs) to manage cognitive load in older users while they are walking and using a mobile device. Although the intervention targets older people, the primary focus is on managing cognitive load and improving the usability of apps, rather than using exergames to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not mention conducting a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Blythe, J. and R. Spiring (2020). 
[Title]    The virtual home visit.
[Journal]  EDUCATION FOR PRIMARY CARE 31(4): 244-246.
[Abstract] Previous research has identified the 'unique experience' of home visits for medical students, yet intraining health professionals' exposure to them is limited and there is not a structured method of performing them. It is already recognised that simulation prior to clinical experience improves knowledge and confidence with the additional benefit that the experience can be standardised. We ran a 'Virtual Home Visit' for falls assessment for third year medical students as part of their teaching on multidisciplinary team (MDT) working. Students considered a clinical scenario involving a lady who had fallen at home and fractured the wrist of her dominant hand. They then watched a short video of her home, where each room was filmed in turned. They were then asked to identify both falls risks and possible adaptations. The session was co-facilitated by a GP Educator and an Occupational Therapist. The students enjoyed the session and performed well in a related OSCE assessment. The technology required was minimal to run the session. The facilitators also recognised the potential to use such a session in an interprofessional education environment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a virtual home visit simulation used as a teaching tool for medical students to assess falls risks and possible adaptations in the home environment of an elderly person. While it involves a scenario related to preventing falls in the elderly, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls. The intervention is a teaching simulation, not an exergame, and it is aimed at training medical students rather than directly targeting older people. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Bodzin, A. M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Implementation of a desktop virtual reality field trip in public outreach settings.
[Journal]  MULTIMEDIA TOOLS AND APPLICATIONS.
[Abstract] This study investigated how the VR experience (immersion and presence) and design features (narrative, guidance, and feedback) were related to participants' engagement and perceptions of learning with a desktop Virtual Reality field trip (dVFT) in public outreach settings as used by environmental education centers. Data was collected from 139 participants at three different types of public outreach settings. The results found that immersion, presence, engagement, learning about local environment, VR design features, and affective learning were perceived favorably by the majority of the study's participants. Design features, engagement, learning about the local environment, and affective learning were significantly lower for young participants (<= 18 years old) compared to adults. Environmental education center festival participants had higher favorable mean responses for each subscale followed by Web location participants, followed by Homework Club participants. Results from the path analysis highlighted the importance of presence and the design features for engagement and perceived learning. Our findings support that learning about one's local environment with a dVFT can have a positive impact on engagement and learning, particularly in public outreach learning environments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the implementation and effectiveness of a desktop Virtual Reality field trip (dVFT) in public outreach settings, particularly for environmental education. The target participants are from various age groups, including young participants (<= 18 years old) and adults, but it does not specifically target older people. Additionally, the intervention is not an exergame, and the study does not report on randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Bonanno, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Might patients with cerebellar ataxia benefit from the Computer Assisted Rehabilitation ENvironment (CAREN)? A pilot study focusing on gait and balance.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN BIOENGINEERING AND BIOTECHNOLOGY 12.
[Abstract] Introduction: Ataxia is a neurological symptom that causes decreased balance, loss of coordination, and gait alterations. Innovative rehabilitation devices like virtual reality (VR) systems can provide task-oriented, repetitive and intensive training with multisensorial feedback, thus promoting neuroplastic processes. Among these VR technologies, the Computer Assisted Rehabilitation ENvironment (CAREN) associates a split belt treadmill on a 6-degrees of freedom platform with a 180 degrees VR screen and a Vicon motion capture system to monitor patients' movements during training sessions.Methods: Eight patients affected by cerebellar ataxia were enrolled and received 20 sessions of CAREN training in addition to standard rehabilitation treatment. Each patient was evaluated at the beginning and at the end of the study with 3D gait analysis and clinical scales to assess balance, gait function and risk of falls.Results: We found improvements in kinematic, kinetic, and electromyographic parameters (as per pre-post- CAREN training), as well as in clinical outcomes, such as balance and risk of falls in ataxic patients. In addition, we found that trunk rotation improved, after CAREN intervention, approximating to the normative values.Discussion: Our results suggested that CAREN might be useful to improve specific biomechanical parameters of gait in ataxic patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using the Computer Assisted Rehabilitation ENvironment (CAREN), which is a virtual reality system, to improve gait and balance in patients with cerebellar ataxia. While the intervention involves a form of virtual reality, the target population is not specifically older people, and the study focuses on ataxic patients rather than the general elderly population. Additionally, the study is a pilot study, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Bonavita, S. (2020).
[Title]    Exercise and Parkinson's Disease
[Journal]  PHYSICAL EXERCISE FOR HUMAN HEALTH. J. Xiao. 1228: 289-301.
[Abstract] Parkinson's disease (PD) is an aging-related neurodegenerative disorder characterized by progressive motor impairment.The etiology of PD is poorly understood but likely involves both genetic and environmental factors; the management of the disease is still with symptomatic therapy without any interference on the progression of neurodegeneration. In the past two decades, the results of a series of prospective cohort studies suggested that lifestyle factors likely modify the risk of developing PD. Among these, physical activity is known to reduce the risk of a wide range of diseases and conditions, including cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes.Recently, a growing body of evidence has suggested that increased physical activity may also reduce the risk of PD and partly improve motor and non-motor symptoms during the disease course.Here we report the main findings on the effect of physical activity on both mobility and cognition either in animal models of PD or in people with PD. We also highlighted the structural and functional links between gait and cognition by reporting evidence from neuroimaging studies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract does not specifically mention the use of exergames as an intervention. Instead, it focuses on the general effects of physical activity on Parkinson's disease, including both animal models and people with PD. The paper discusses the impact of physical activity on mobility and cognition, but there is no indication that the intervention involves exergames or that it is a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Bonilla Yanez, M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Gait speed and individual characteristics are related to specific gait metrics in neurotypical adults.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 13(1).
[Abstract] Gait biofeedback is a well-studied strategy to reduce gait impairments such as propulsion deficits or asymmetric step lengths. With biofeedback, participants alter their walking to reach the desired magnitude of a specific parameter (the biofeedback target) with each step. Biofeedback of anterior ground reaction force and step length is commonly used in post-stroke gait training as these variables are associated with self-selected gait speed, fall risk, and the energy cost of walking. However, biofeedback targets are often set as a function of an individual's baseline walking pattern, which may not reflect the ideal magnitude of that gait parameter. Here we developed prediction models based on speed, leg length, mass, sex, and age to predict anterior ground reaction force and step length of neurotypical adults as a possible method for personalized biofeedback. Prediction of these values on an independent dataset demonstrated strong agreement with actual values, indicating that neurotypical anterior ground reaction forces can be estimated from an individual's leg length, mass, and gait speed, and step lengths can be estimated from individual's leg length, mass, age, sex, and gait speed. Unlike approaches that rely on an individual's baseline gait, this approach provides a standardized method to personalize gait biofeedback targets based on the walking patterns exhibited by neurotypical individuals with similar characteristics walking at similar speeds without the risk of over- or underestimating the ideal values that could limit feedback-mediated reductions in gait impairments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on developing prediction models for gait metrics (anterior ground reaction force and step length) in neurotypical adults, using biofeedback. It does not specifically target older people, nor does it involve exergames. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Bonnechere, B., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Original Research Validation of the Balance Board for Clinical Evaluation of Balance During Serious Gaming Rehabilitation Exercises.
[Journal]  TELEMEDICINE AND E-HEALTH 22(9): 709-+.
[Abstract] Background: Balance and posture can be affected in various conditions or become decreased with aging. A diminution of balance control induces an increase of fall's risk. Introduction: The Nintendo Wii Balance Board (TM) (WBB) is used in rehabilitation to perform balance exercises (using commercial video games). The WBB has also been validated to assess balance and posture in static conditions. However, there is currently no study investigating the use of WBB to assess balance during the realization of balance exercises using this device. The aim of this study was to validate the use of WBB, coupled with specially developed serious games, to assess dynamic balance during rehabilitation exercises. Materials and Methods: Thirty five subjects participated in this study. Subjects were asked to play two specially developed serious games. Center of pressure (CP) displacements were simultaneously recorded with a WBB and a gold standard force plate (FP). Nine parameters were derived from CP displacement. Bland and Altman plots, paired-sample t tests, intraclass correlation coefficient's, and Pearson's coefficient correlations were computed. Results: Excellent correlation between both devices was found for each parameter for the two games (R = 0.95 and 0.96). Discussion: Unlike previous work on the WBB, these excellent results were obtained without using any calibration procedure. Despite this, results were highly correlated between the WBB and the FP. Conclusions: The WBB could be used in clinics to assess balance during rehabilitation exercises and, thus, allows a more regular patient follow-up.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on validating the use of the Nintendo Wii Balance Board (WBB) for assessing balance during rehabilitation exercises, but it does not specifically target older people or focus on preventing falls in the elderly. The study includes 35 subjects, but the age group is not specified, and the primary goal is to validate the WBB for dynamic balance assessment, rather than to evaluate an intervention aimed at fall prevention. Additionally, the paper does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Booth, V., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    The effectiveness of virtual reality interventions in improving balance in adults with impaired balance compared with standard or no treatment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  CLINICAL REHABILITATION 28(5): 419-431.
[Abstract] Objective:To evaluate whether virtual reality interventions, including interactive gaming systems, are effective at improving balance in adults with impaired balance.Design:Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized control trials.Methods:Studies were identified from electronic databases (CENTRAL, MEDLINE, EMBASE, AMED, CINAHL, PyschINFO, PyschBITE, OTseeker, Ei Compendex, and Inspec) searched to November 2011, and repeated in November 2012. Two reviewers selected studies meeting inclusion criteria and quality of included studies assessed using a Joanna Briggs Institute appraisal tool. Data was pooled and a meta-analysis completed. The systematic review was reported following guidance of the PRISMA statement.Results:A total of 251 articles were screened. Eight randomized control trials were included. These studies presented the results of 239 participants, with various aetiologies, and used a variety of virtual reality systems. The number of falls was documented in only one included study. Meta-analysis was completed on data from the Berg Balance Scale, walking speed, 30 second sit-to-stand test, and Timed Up and Go Test, and favoured standard therapy when compared with standard plus virtual reality interventions.Conclusions:There was a notable inconsistency in the outcome measures, experimental, and control interventions used within the included studies. The pooled results of the studies showed no significant difference. Therefore this review cannot support nor refute the use of virtual reality interventions, rather than conventional physiotherapy, to improve balance in adults with impaired balance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, while the study includes adults with impaired balance, it is not specifically focused on the elderly, and the primary focus is on comparing virtual reality interventions to standard or no treatment, rather than explicitly using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Bornschein, G., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Developmental Increase of Neocortical Presynaptic Efficacy <i>via</i> Maturation of Vesicle Replenishment.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN SYNAPTIC NEUROSCIENCE 11.
[Abstract] The efficacy of neocortical synapses to transmit during bursts of action potentials (APs) increases during development but the underlying mechanisms are largely unclear. We investigated synaptic efficacy at synapses between layer 5 pyramidal neurons (L5PNs) during development, using paired recordings, presynaptic two-photon Ca2+ imaging, and numerical simulations. Our data confirm a developmental increase in paired-pulse ratios (PPRs). Independent of age, Ca2+ imaging revealed no AP invasion failures and linear summation of presynaptic Ca2+ transients, making differences in Ca2+ signaling an unlikely reason for developmental changes in PPR. Cumulative excitatory postsynaptic current (EPSC) amplitudes indicate that neither the size of the readily-releasable pool (RRP) nor replenishment rates were different between age groups, while the time-courses of depression differed significantly. At young synapses, EPSCs depressed rapidly to near steady-state during the first four APs, and synaptic failures (F-syn) increased from 0 to 30%. At mature synapses this drop was significantly slower and strongly biphasic, such that near steady-state depression was reached not before 18 APs with F-syn remaining between 0 and 5%. While young synapses reliably transmitted during pairs of APs, albeit with strong depression, mature synapses maintained near 100% transfer efficacy with significantly less depression during high-frequency bursts of APs. Our analysis indicates that at mature synapses a replenishment pool (RepP) is responsible for their high efficacy during bursting activity, while this RepP is functionally immature at young synapses. Hence, our data provide evidence that the functional maturation of a RepP underlies increasing synaptic efficacy during the development of an excitatory cortical synapse.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper "Developmental Increase of Neocortical Presynaptic Efficacy via Maturation of Vesicle Replenishment" is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the developmental changes in synaptic efficacy in neocortical synapses, specifically examining the maturation of vesicle replenishment. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Borrelli, J., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    A method for simulating forward falls and controlling impact velocity.
[Journal]  METHODSX 11.
[Abstract] Assessment of protective arm reactions associated with forward falls are typically performed by dropping research participants from a height onto a landing surface. The impact velocity is gen-erally modulated by controlling the total height of the fall. This contrasts with an actual fall where the fall velocity is dependent on several factors in addition to fall height and not likely predictable at the onset of the fall. A counterweight and pulley system can be used to modulate the fall velocity in simulated forward falls in a manner that is not predictable to study partici-pants, enhancing experimental validity. However, predicting the fall velocity based on participant height and weight and counterweight mass is not straightforward. In this article, the design of the FALL simulator For Injury prevention Training and assessment (FALL FIT) system is described. A dynamic model of the FALL FIT and counterweight system is developed and model parameters are fit using nonlinear optimization and experimental data. The fitted model enables prediction of fall velocity as a function of participant height and weight and counterweight load. The method can be used to provide controllable perturbations thereby elucidating the control strategy used when protecting the body from injury in a forward fall, how the control strategy changes because of aging or dysfunction or as a method for progressive protective arm reaction training. center dot Construction of device to simulate forward falls with controllable impact velocity using ma-terial that are commercially available is described center dot A dynamic model of the FALL FIT is developed to estimate the impact velocity of a simulated forward fall using participant height and counterweight load center dot The dynamic model is validated using data from 3 previous studies
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a method and device (FALL FIT) for simulating forward falls with controllable impact velocity, which is used to study protective arm reactions and potentially for training. However, it does not specifically mention the use of exergames as an intervention, nor does it target older people as the primary participants. The focus is on the technical aspects of the simulator and its validation, rather than on a randomized controlled trial using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Bortkiewicz, A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    AGEING AND ITS CONSEQUENCES - THE USE OF VIRTUAL REALITY (VR) AS A TOOL TO VISUALIZE THE PROBLEMS OF ELDERLY.
[Journal]  MEDYCYNA PRACY 74(3): 159-170.
[Abstract] Background: The population ageing phenomenon is mainly attributable to the increasing proportion of people >60 years of age. This demographic situation requires more attention to the needs of the elderly. Given the lack of effective methods to expand the knowledge of and increase sensitivity to elderly people's problems, especially among the younger generation, an attempt has been made to use virtual reality (VR) to prepare an educational tool focused on these problems. This paper will focus on the use of VR in depicting fundamental problems in the daily live of older people. Material and Methods: For project purposes, a questionnaire (26 questions) was developed, concerning data on socio-demographic situation, health and physical conditions, social, living and housing support needs. Additionally, qualitative interviews were conducted with elderly people regarding their needs about housing arrangements and daily activities. It was distributed to 100 people, 34 completed questionnaires were obtained from 30 women and 4 men. The study results were intended as information that would provide the basis for developing VR scenarios, not for the epidemiological purposes. Results: The mean age of the respondents was 73.7 years (SD = 7.5 years) (60-86 years). Different situations, as heavy housework, lifting/carrying heavy objects, lifting hands above the shoulder level, bending and squatting were identified that pose problems for elderly people. Based on these results, 3 scenario proposals were prepared, including situations: in the bathroom, in the supermarket, on a trip to the city. These scenarios were used to prepare the exercises in VR in the frame of European project - the Mixed Reality on Universal Design's Secret Service (Mr. UD) project. Conclusions: The use of immersive technology such as VR can be beneficial for young people to be able to see perspectives of the elderly. Students from various fields (medicine, nursing, future engineers, designers, sociologists, etc.) may feel like the elderly and experience their daily challenges.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a virtual reality (VR) tool designed to help younger people understand the challenges faced by the elderly, rather than an exergame aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the study does not include randomized controlled trials, and the results reported are related to the development of VR scenarios, not the outcomes of an intervention.

[Author]   Bosch-Barcelo, P., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    A treadmill training program in a gamified virtual reality environment combined with transcranial direct current stimulation in Parkinson's Disease: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 19(7).
[Abstract] Background Parkinson's Disease (PD) affects movement and cognition, and physiotherapy, particularly treadmill gait training, has potential in addressing movement dysfunctions in PD. However, treadmill training falls short in addressing cognitive aspects and adherence. Virtual reality (VR) and gamification can enhance motor and cognitive retraining and improve adherence. People with Parkinson's Disease (PWPD) have decreased motor skill learning efficiency, but tDCS can improve motor and cognitive learning.Methods 78 participants with PD will be randomly allocated in a 1:1:1 ratio to one of three groups: (1) treadmill + Gamified Virtual Reality Environment (GVRE) + tDCS training group; (2) treadmill + GVRE training group or (3) treadmill training group. Participants will follow a 6-week, 12-session treadmill gait training plan, gradually increasing session duration from 20 to 45 minutes. Participants in (1) and (2) will undergo a GVRE training protocol, with (1) also receiving tDCS for the first 20 minutes of each session. Assessments will occur at baseline, post-intervention, and at a 6-week follow-up. The primary outcome measure will be gait speed during single and dual-task performance. Secondary measures will include additional gait parameters, executive tests for cognitive performance, and clinical outcomes for disease stage, cognitive status, and physical condition.Discussion This randomized clinical trial presents an innovative neurorehabilitation protocol that aims to improve gait and cognition in PWPD. The study also examines how tDCS can enhance motor and cognitive training. Results could contribute to enhancing the motor and cognitive state of PWPD through a GVRE and tDCS-based neurorehabilitation protocol.Trial registration NCT05243394. 28/02/2024 -v3.2
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not specifically about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve a gamified virtual reality environment (GVRE) and targets older people with Parkinson's Disease, the primary focus is on improving gait and cognitive performance, rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the intervention includes a combination of treadmill training, GVRE, and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), which is broader than just an exergame.

[Author]   Bou Zeid, N., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Secondary Reconstruction of Panfacial Fractures With Virtual Reality Surgical Planning Using Both Pre and Postreconstruction Scans.
[Journal]  The Journal of craniofacial surgery.
[Abstract] Late secondary reconstruction is sometimes required in patients with suboptimal primary panfacial fracture repair. At this stage, it can be difficult to discern original facial architecture due to malunion and bony remodeling. By utilizing the original postinjury CT scan to complete fracture reduction in the virtual reality (VR) planning environment, the surgeon may attempt to recreate an "ideal" facial bony anatomy for patients. This technique was completed in 2 patients presenting with facial deformity secondary to malunited panfacial fracture. Each had a cone-beam CT (CBCT) scan taken at presentation and the initial postinjury CT scans were obtained. Fracture reductions were completed in VR to recreate the preinjury anatomy. The resulting model was overlaid with current anatomy to create surgical aids. The first patient, a 23-year-old man, presented with malunion of all bones of the midface. Cutting guides were designed for the Lefort 1 segment, left zygomaticomaxillary complex (ZMC), and naso-orbito-ethmoid (NOE) osteotomies. The second patient, a 30-year-old woman, had bilateral ZMC and subcondylar fractures, midface retrusion, and malunion of parasymphyseal fracture. A 2-stage procedure was planned, including an initial Lefort I and bilateral sagittal split osteotomy with midline wedge excision. To address malar projection, a second surgery was planned using custom MEDPOR midface implants for the NOE and zygomatic regions. Both patients were discharged home, and all surgical goals and esthetic objectives were achieved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) for surgical planning in the reconstruction of panfacial fractures. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are patients with facial deformities, and the VR is used for surgical planning rather than as an exergame. Additionally, the study does not involve a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Bouazizi, M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    A 2D-Lidar-Equipped Unmanned Robot-Based Approach for Indoor Human Activity Detection.
[Journal]  SENSORS 23(5).
[Abstract] Monitoring the activities of elderly people living alone is of great importance since it allows for the detection of when hazardous events such as falling occur. In this context, the use of 2D light detection and ranging (LIDAR) has been explored, among others, as a way to identify such events. Typically, a 2D LIDAR is placed near the ground and collects measurements continuously, and a computational device classifies these measurements. However, in a realistic environment with home furniture, it is hard for such a device to operate as it requires a direct line of sight (LOS) with its target. Furniture will block the infrared (IR) rays from reaching the monitored person thus limiting the effectiveness of such sensors. Nonetheless, due to their fixed location, if a fall is not detected when it happens, it cannot be detected afterwards. In this context, cleaning robots present a much better alternative given their autonomy. In this paper, we propose to use a 2D LIDAR mounted on top of a cleaning robot. Through continuous movement, the robot is able to collect distance information continuously. Despite having the same drawback, by roaming in the room, the robot can identify if a person is laying on the ground after falling, even after a certain period from the fall event. To achieve such a goal, the measurements captured by the moving LIDAR are transformed, interpolated, and compared to a reference state of the surroundings. A convolutional long short-term memory (LSTM) neural network is trained to classify the processed measurements and identify if a fall event occurs or has occurred. Through simulations, we show that such a system can achieve an accuracy equal to 81.2% in fall detection and 99% in the detection of lying bodies. Compared to the conventional method, which uses a static LIDAR, the accuracy reaches for the same tasks 69.4% and 88.6%, respectively.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Instead, it focuses on using a 2D LIDAR-equipped unmanned robot for detecting falls and identifying if a person is lying on the ground after a fall. The intervention described is a monitoring system, not an exergame, and the study does not involve any form of exercise or cognitive training. Additionally, the paper reports on simulations and the accuracy of the detection system rather than a randomized controlled trial with older people.

[Author]   Boudissa, M., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Computer-assisted surgery in acetabular fractures: Virtual reduction of acetabular fracture using the first patient-specific biomechanical model simulator.
[Journal]  ORTHOPAEDICS & TRAUMATOLOGY-SURGERY & RESEARCH 104(3): 359-362.
[Abstract] Preoperative planning for the management of acetabular fracture is founded on geometric models allowing virtual repositioning of the bone fragments, but not taking account of soft tissue and the realities of the surgical procedure. The present technical note reports results using the first simulator to be based on a patient-specific biomechanical model, simulating the action of forces on the fragments and also the interactions between soft issue and bone: muscles, capsules, ligaments, and bone contacts. In all 14 cases, biomechanical simulation faithfully reproduced the intraoperative behavior of the various bone fragments and reduction quality. On Matta's criteria, anatomic reduction was achieved in 12 of the 14 patients (86%; 0.25 mm +/- 0.45 [range: 0-1]) and in the 12 corresponding simulations (86%; 0.42 mm +/- 0.51 [range: 0-1]). Mean semi-automatic segmentation time was 156 min +/- 37.9 [range: 120-180]. Mean simulation time was 23 min +/- 9 [range: 16-38]. The model needs larger-scale prospective validation, but offers a new tool suitable for teaching purposes and for assessment of surgical results in acetabular fracture. (C) 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a computer-assisted surgery technique for acetabular fractures using a patient-specific biomechanical model simulator. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not a randomized controlled trial focused on preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Bou-Karroum, L., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Preventing Unintentional Injuries in School-Aged Children: A Systematic Review.
[Journal]  PEDIATRICS 149.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Unintentional injuries constitute the leading causes of death and long-term disabilities among children aged 5 to 15 years. We aimed to systematically review published literature on interventions designed to prevent unintentional injuries among school-aged children.METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, CINAHL, and PsycINFO and screened the reference lists of included studies and relevant reviews. We included randomized controlled trials, controlled before-and-after studies, and interrupted time series studies. The focus of included studies was on primary prevention measures. Two reviewers collected data on type of study design, setting, population, intervention, types of injuries, outcomes assessed, and statistical results.RESULTS: Of 30179 identified studies, 117 were included in this review. Most of these studies were conducted in high-income countries and addressed traffic-related injuries. Evidence from included studies reveals that multicomponent educational interventions may be effective in improving safety knowledge, attitudes, and behaviors in school-aged children mainly when coupled with other approaches. Laws/legislation were shown to be effective in increasing cycle helmet use and reducing traffic-related injury rates. Findings reveal the relevance of infrastructure modification in reducing falls and improving pedestrian safety among children.CONCLUSIONS: Additional studies are needed to evaluate the impact of unintentional injury prevention interventions on injury, hospitalizations, and mortality rates and the impact of laws and legislation and infrastructure modification on preventing unintentional injuries among school-aged children.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on preventing unintentional injuries in school-aged children, and it does not mention exergames or older people as the target population.

[Author]   Bovim, L. P., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    The impact of motor task and environmental constraints on gait patterns during treadmill walking in a fully immersive virtual environment.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 77: 243-249.
[Abstract] Background: Virtual environments (VE) are increasingly used in rehabilitation settings for gait training, and positive effects are reported. However, little is known about how walking under environmental constraints and solving motor tasks in fully immersive VEs impact gait patterns.Research Question: How are gait patterns in healthy adults impacted by walking under environmental constraints and solving motor tasks on a treadmill, in a fully immersive VE?Methods: 29 healthy adults (age: 28.9 +/- 4.8 yrs) were included. Basic gait parameters (step length, cadence, walk ratio) and gait variability in the anteroposterior, mediolateral and vertical directions were measured using an inertial sensor attached to the lower back. A familiarisation treadmill walk > 2 min was performed, followed by 200 m familiarisation walk in the VE with no task or environmental constraints The participants were then exposed to height, two grabbing tasks, a balancing task and narrow-path walking. Gait patterns were captured for 15-25 seconds during each of the conditions. The Simulator Sickness Questionnaire was completed before and after the session.Results: Gait regularity decreased when solving all the motor tasks, and under all the environmental constraints, except when being familiarised to height exposure, where regularity returned to pre-exposure levels. Step length and walk ratio decreased, and cadence increased during height exposure and while performing the grabbing tasks and the balancing task. The different tasks and environments appeared to have specific impact on gait patterns. There was no increase in simulator sickness symptoms.Significance: Gait patterns were impacted by solving motor tasks, and by environmental constraints, in healthy young adults, suggesting increased need for balance control. We suggest that VE-training on a treadmill holds potential for improving gait and balance control.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets healthy young adults (average age 28.9 years) and not older people. Additionally, the study is focused on understanding how gait patterns are impacted by motor tasks and environmental constraints in a virtual environment, rather than specifically using an exergame to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Bovim, L. P. V., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Theoretical Rationale for Design of Tasks in a Virtual Reality-Based Exergame for Rehabilitation Purposes.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 13.
[Abstract] Virtual reality games are playing a greater role in rehabilitation settings. Previously, commercial games have dominated, but increasingly, bespoke games for specific rehabilitation contexts are emerging. Choice and design of tasks for VR-games are still not always clear, however; some games are designed to motivate and engage players, not necessarily with the facilitation of specific movements as a goal. Other games are designed specifically for the facilitation of specific movements. A theoretical background for the choice of tasks seems warranted. As an example, we use a game that was designed in our lab: VR Walk. Here, the player walks on a treadmill while wearing a head-mounted display showing a custom-made virtual environment. Tasks include walking on a glass bridge across a drop, obstacle avoidance, narrowing path, walking in virtual footsteps, memory, and selection tasks, and throwing and catching objects. Each task is designed according to research and theory from movement science, exercise science, and cognitive science. In this article, we discuss how for example walking across a glass bridge gives perceptual challenges that may be suitable for certain medical conditions, such as hearing loss, when perceptual abilities are strained to compensate for the hearing loss. In another example, walking in virtual footsteps may be seen as a motor and biomechanical constraint, where the double support phase and base of support can be manipulated, making the task beneficial for falls prevention. In a third example, memory and selection tasks may challenge individuals that have cognitive impairments. We posit that these theoretical considerations may be helpful for the choice of tasks and for the design of virtual reality games.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on providing a theoretical rationale for designing tasks in a virtual reality-based exergame for rehabilitation purposes. While it does mention that some tasks, such as walking in virtual footsteps, can be beneficial for falls prevention, the primary focus is on the theoretical background and design principles rather than reporting the results of a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Bovonsunthonchai, S., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    The impact of different mobile phone tasks on gait behaviour in healthy young adults.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF TRANSPORT & HEALTH 19.
[Abstract] Introduction: The aim of this study was to examine the impact of different mobile phone tasks on gait behaviour in healthy young adults.Methods: An experimental design was used in this study. Twenty-five participants, 7 males and 18 females, aged 22.56 +/- 2.45 years completed 5 tasks whilst walking. The conditions consisted of no task, calling, playing a game, listening to music, texting, and watching a video. Gait behaviour was captured using a Zebris Force Distribution Measurement (FDM) system, and 6 trials were recorded under each condition. Temporo-spatial gait variables included step length, step time, stride length, stride time, step width, cadence, velocity, foot rotation angle, % stance phase, % loading response, % single support time, % pre-swing, % swing phase, and % double support time. In addition, the level of confidence during walking was assessed using an 11 point scale.Results: Repeated measure ANOVAs with post hoc pairwise comparisons revealed that mobile phone usage altered all temporo-spatial variables significantly (p < 0.05), except for foot rotation angle. Texting and watching a video were the most notable changes, with listening to music showing no difference when compared to no task.Conclusion: Mobile phone usage modified gait behaviour to such a degree that it may compromise safety by dividing an individual's attention, with the lowest level of confidence being while watching video and texting. Although the potential danger of the use of mobile phones while walking is being discussed worldwide, a clear policy still does not exist, and individuals using mobile phones, in particular for watching video and texting while walking, should be made more aware of the risk of injury.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the impact of different mobile phone tasks on gait behavior in healthy young adults, and it does not meet the criteria for the intervention targets, the type of intervention, or the specific focus on fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Bower, K. J., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Clinical feasibility of the Nintendo Wii™ for balance training post-stroke: a phase II randomized controlled trial in an inpatient setting.
[Journal]  CLINICAL REHABILITATION 28(9): 912-923.
[Abstract] Objective: To investigate the feasibility and potential efficacy of the Nintendo Wii (TM) for balance rehabilitation after stroke.Design: Phase II, single-blind, randomized controlled trial.Setting: Inpatient rehabilitation facility.Subjects: Thirty adults (mean age 63.6 (14.7) years) undergoing inpatient rehabilitation who were less than three months post-stroke and able to stand unsupported.Interventions: Participants were allocated to a Balance Group, using the 'Wii Fit Plus' in standing, or Upper Limb Group, using the 'Wii Sports/Sports Resort' in sitting. Both groups undertook three 45 minute sessions per week over two to four weeks in addition to standard care.Main measures: The primary focus was feasibility, addressed by recruitment, retention, adherence, acceptability and safety. Efficacy was evaluated by balance, mobility and upper limb outcomes.Results: Twenty-one percent of individuals screened were recruited and 86% (n = 30) of eligible people agreed to participate. Study retention and session adherence was 90% and > 99%, respectively, at two weeks; dropping to 70% and 87% at four weeks due to early discharge. All participants reported enjoying the sessions and most felt they were beneficial. No major adverse events occurred. Wii use by the Balance Group was associated with trends for improved balance, with significantly greater improvement in outcomes including the Step Test and Wii Balance Board-derived centre of pressure scores. The Upper Limb Group had larger, non-significant changes in arm function.Conclusions: A Wii-based approach appears feasible and promising for post-stroke balance rehabilitation. A larger randomized controlled trial is recommended to further investigate efficacy.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of the Nintendo Wii for balance rehabilitation in adults post-stroke, not specifically on preventing falls in the elderly. While the intervention does involve an exergame and a randomized controlled trial, the target population is stroke patients, and the primary focus is on balance rehabilitation rather than fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Brackmann, M. W., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Development of a novel simulation model for assessment of laparoscopic camera navigation.
[Journal]  SURGICAL ENDOSCOPY AND OTHER INTERVENTIONAL TECHNIQUES 31(7): 3033-3039.
[Abstract] Background Laparoscopic camera navigation is vital to laparoscopic surgery, yet often falls to the most junior member of the surgical team who has limited laparoscopic operating experience. Previously published reports on simulation models fail to address qualitative scoring of movement, method of communication and correct physician location with respect to patient position. The purpose of this study was to develop and evaluate a novel laparoscopic camera navigation simulation model that addresses these deficiencies.Methods A novel, low-cost laparoscopic camera navigational maze was constructed from pliable foam for use in a standard laparoscopic surgery box trainer. Participants (n = 37) completed a camera navigation exercise by following a pre-recorded set of verbal instructions using correct anatomic terminology that is used in the operating room, to simulate an actual operating room experience of receiving verbal cues from senior surgeons. The sample group consisted of participants at various levels of Obstetrics and Gynecology training, representing novice to expert laparoscopists. Each trial was recorded with a multi-channel video camera. Performances were scored by a blinded evaluator for excess gross and fine camera movements as well as overt errors, including camera collisions and failure to follow directions.Results Our model demonstrated evidence of validity by discriminating performance by level of laparoscopic experience with a statistically significant decrease in number of movements and errors in experts compared to novices. A trend emerged toward improvement with each additional year of training, with reduced variability among performances in more experienced participants.Conclusions This novel, low-cost box-trainer simulation model for laparoscopic camera navigation offers a mechanism for assessment of laparoscopic camera operation skills. Moreover, this model closely replicates operating room logistics and communication. Given the necessity for improved laparoscopic camera operation education, our model represents a unique, complementary tool to other laparoscopic simulation curricula.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and evaluation of a simulation model for laparoscopic camera navigation, which is used in surgical training. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any form of exercise or cognitive training aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The study focuses on assessing the skills of participants with varying levels of experience in laparoscopic surgery, and it does not meet the criteria for being related to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Bradwell, H. L., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Staff perceptions towards virtual reality-motivated treadmill exercise for care home residents: a qualitative feedback study with key stakeholders and follow-up interview with technology developer.
[Journal]  BMJ OPEN 13(11).
[Abstract] Objectives Health and care resources are under increasing pressure, partly due to the ageing population. Physical activity supports healthy ageing, but motivating exercise is challenging. We aimed to explore staff perceptions towards a virtual reality (VR) omnidirectional treadmill (MOTUS), aimed at increasing physical activity for older adult care home residents.Design Interactive workshops and qualitative evaluation.Settings Eight interactive workshops were held at six care homes and two university sites across Cornwall, England, from September to November 2021.Participants Forty-four staff participated, including care home, supported living, clinical care and compliance managers, carers, activity coordinators, occupational therapists and physiotherapists.Interventions Participants tried the VR treadmill system, followed by focus groups exploring device design, potential usefulness or barriers for care home residents. Focus groups were audio-recorded, transcribed verbatim and thematically analysed. We subsequently conducted a follow-up interview with the technology developer (September 2022) to explore the feedback impact.Results The analysis produced seven key themes: anticipated benefits, acceptability, concerns of use, concerns of negative effects, suitability/unsuitability, improvements and current design. Participants were generally positive towards VR to motivate care home residents' physical activity and noted several potential benefits (increased exercise, stimulation, social interaction and rehabilitation). Despite the reported potential, staff had safety concerns for frail older residents due to their standing position. Participants suggested design improvements to enhance safety, usability and accessibility. Feedback to the designers resulted in the development of a new seated VR treadmill to address concerns about falls while maintaining motivation to exercise. The follow-up developer interview identified significant value in academia-industry collaboration.Conclusion The use of VR-motivated exercise holds the potential to increase exercise, encourage reminiscence and promote meaningful activity for care home residents. Staff concerns resulted in a redesigned seated treadmill for those too frail to use the standing version. This novel study demonstrates the importance of stakeholder feedback in product design.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about staff perceptions towards a virtual reality (VR) omnidirectional treadmill for care home residents and does not report on a randomized controlled trial. The study is qualitative, involving workshops and focus groups to gather feedback from staff, and it includes a follow-up interview with the technology developer. While the intervention targets older adults and involves an exergame, the study does not meet the criteria of including a randomized controlled trial with reported results. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Brady, H., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Clustered interventions to reduce inappropriate duplicate laboratory tests in an Irish tertiary hospital.
[Journal]  CLINICAL BIOCHEMISTRY 52: 26-32.
[Abstract] Background: There is increasing emphasis on understanding the rate, and avoidable costs, of inappropriate laboratory testing in hospitals, especially associated with duplication of tests following transfer of patients from one hospital to another. While studies of inappropriate testing have been reported previously, there are no published data relevant to Ireland.Aims: To determine the baseline rate of inappropriate testing for a subset of clinical parameters, specifically, full blood counts (FBC), biochemistry profiles (Bio) and coagulation (Coag) screens for geriatric patients transferring to and from University Hospital Limerick (UHL). Prospective pilot-scale implementation of five clustered interventions, and assessment of their effect.Methods: Baseline testing levels were determined between October 2013 and January 2014. A patient survey was conducted to evaluate patient awareness of the blood tests they underwent. Five interventions were trialed sequentially each month between January and May 2014. These included: educational poster, intern training, presentations and communication to consultants; automated prompt in the Lab Information Technology system; highlighting of patient survey results to medical staff; inclusion of laboratory test details on patient transfer document; patient booklet promoting empowerment. Impact was assessed by determining rates of inappropriate laboratory testing monthly, and associated actual cost reductions were calculated.Results: Approximately two-thirds of geriatric inpatients were unaware of why they underwent blood tests. Baseline numbers of inappropriate duplicate FBCs, Bio profiles and Coag tests were 758, 749 and 268 respectively for patients transferring to and from UHL. Following the interventions, these numbers dropped to 85, 84 and 0, respectively.Conclusion: The interventions resulted in sustained reduction in rates of inappropriate testing by May 2014. Extrapolated cost reductions exceed two million Euro annually. The most effective intervention involved staff education.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about reducing inappropriate duplicate laboratory tests in a hospital setting, specifically for geriatric patients. It does not involve the use of exergames or any form of virtual reality, video games, or electronic games to prevent falls in the elderly. The interventions described are educational and administrative, such as posters, training, and system prompts, rather than exergames. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Breitbarth, T. and C. Huth (2019). 
[Title]    A stakeholder marketing perspective: golf's potential to (re-)position as a health sport.
[Journal]  GERMAN JOURNAL OF EXERCISE AND SPORT RESEARCH 49(3): 351-355.
[Abstract] Modern societies are challenged by unhealthy lifestyles. There is great evidence that regular physical activity offers positive physiological, mental and social health benefits. Emerging research shows that golf as an activity for a whole lifetime can combine an array of health benefits for all age groups but amongst the elderly in particular. Yet, golf governance and management has been shy to embrace this opportunity in order to market and position the game. Hence, this brief contribution argues for the potential to fundamentally (re-)position amateur golf as a health sport amongst a full set of stakeholders-especially against increasing competition in the sport and fitness market and dropping golf participation numbers in major European and overseas markets. As part of initiating a debate and outlining marketing, management and governance research avenues, understandings and perceptions of current golfers towards the 'healthy side' of golf are empirically reported. Results support the view that shifting the framing of the game can lead to a new and stronger positioning on perceptual maps.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on the potential of golf as a health sport, particularly for older adults, and how it can be marketed and positioned to stakeholders. It does not mention any exergames or interventions involving virtual reality, video games, or electronic games. Additionally, the paper does not report on randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Brodersen, K., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Is excessive smartphone use associated with weight status and self-rated health among youth? A smart platform study.
[Journal]  BMC PUBLIC HEALTH 23(1).
[Abstract] BackgroundIn Canada, it is recommended that youth limit screen time to less than two hours per day, yet, the majority of youth are reportedly spending a significantly higher amount of time in front of a screen. This is particularly concerning given that these recommendations do not take into account smartphone devices, which is the most common screen time technology of choice for the younger generations. This study implements an innovative approach to understanding screen time behavior and aims to investigate the unique relationship between smartphone specific screen time and physical health outcomes.MethodsThis cross-sectional study is part of the Smart Platform, a digital epidemiological and citizen science initiative. 436 youth citizen scientists, aged 13-21 years, provided all data via their own smartphones using a custom-built smartphone application. Participants completed a 124-item baseline questionnaire which included validated self-report surveys adapted to collect data specifically on smartphone use (internet use, gaming, and texting), demographic characteristics, and physical health outcomes such as weight status and self-rated health. Binary regression models determined the relationship between smartphone use and physical health outcomes.ResultsOverall participants reported excessive smartphone use in all categories. 11.4% and 12% of the 436 youth participants reported using their smartphone excessively (greater than 2 h per day) during the week and weekend respectively for gaming and were over 2 times more likely than their peers to fall within an overweight/obese BMI status. Excessive weekend gaming was also associated with self-rated health where participants were over 2 times more likely than their peers to report poor self-rated health.ConclusionsThe results indicate that excessive screen time on smartphones does have complex associations with youth health. Further investigation with more robust study designs is needed to inform smartphone-specific screen time guidelines for youth.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the relationship between excessive smartphone use and physical health outcomes (weight status and self-rated health) among youth. The intervention targets are young people, and the study does not involve exergames or any interventions aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the study design is cross-sectional, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Brodie, M. A., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Disentangling the health benefits of walking from increased exposure to falls in older people using remote gait monitoring and multi-dimensional analysis.
[Journal]  PHYSIOLOGICAL MEASUREMENT 38(1): 45-62.
[Abstract] Falls and physical deconditioning are two major health problems for older people. Recent advances in remote physiological monitoring provide new opportunities to investigate why walking exercise, with its many health benefits, can both increase and decrease fall rates in older people. In this paper we combine remote wearable device monitoring of daily gait with non-linear multi-dimensional pattern recognition analysis; to disentangle the complex associations between walking, health and fall rates.One week of activities of daily living (ADL) were recorded with a wearable device in 96 independent living older people prior to completing 6 months of exergaming interventions. Using the wearable device data; the quantity, intensity, variability and distribution of daily walking patterns were assessed. At baseline, clinical assessments of health, falls, sensorimotor and physiological fall risks were completed. At 6 months, fall rates, sensorimotor and physiological fall risks were re-assessed. A non-linear multi-dimensional analysis was conducted to identify risk-groups according to their daily walking patterns.Four distinct risk-groups were identified: The Impaired (93% fallers), Restrained (8% fallers), Active (50% fallers) and Athletic (4% fallers). Walking was strongly associated with multiple health benefits and protective of falls for the top performing Athletic risk-group. However, in the middle of the spectrum, the Active risk-group, who were more active, younger and healthier were 6.25 times more likely to be fallers than their Restrained counterparts.Remote monitoring of daily walking patterns may provide a new way to distinguish Impaired people at risk of falling because of frailty from Active people at risk of falling from greater exposure to situations were falls could occur, but further validation is required. Wearable device risk-profiling could help in developing more personalised interventions for older people seeking the health benefits of walking without increasing their risk of falls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it mentions that the participants completed 6 months of exergaming interventions, the primary focus of the study is on using remote gait monitoring and multi-dimensional analysis to understand the relationship between walking, health, and fall rates. The paper does not report the results of the exergame intervention itself, but rather uses the data from the wearable devices to identify risk groups based on daily walking patterns. Therefore, it does not fit the specific criteria provided.

[Author]   Bromundt, V., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Effects of a dawn-dusk simulation on circadian rest-activity cycles, sleep, mood and well-being in dementia patients.
[Journal]  EXPERIMENTAL GERONTOLOGY 124.
[Abstract] Light is the most powerful "zeitgeber" signal to synchronize circadian sleep-wake cycles. In dementia, these rhythms are often fragmented - probably due to loss of neuronal function of the suprachiasmatic nuclei (the biological "master clock" in the brain) and/or weakness of external zeitgebers. We investigated the effects of a prototype dawn-dusk simulator (DDS) on circadian rest-activity cycles, sleep, mood and well-being in a balanced crossover design during fall and winter in 20 institutionalized patients with dementia (86 +/- 6 y, 17 f).All participants had one baseline week followed by exposure to individually timed DDS over their beds for 7-8 weeks. They spent 8 weeks without DDS as a control. Mood, self-reliant daily activity, social behavior, agitation, and quality of life were assessed by standardized questionnaires and visual analogue scales, regularly rated by trained caregivers. Circadian and sleep characteristics of their rest-activity cycles were analyzed by actimetry over 17 weeks.DDS exposure led to significantly better mood in the morning hours after waking. The effects were most pronounced in the second 4 weeks with DDS, indicating that positive effects emerged gradually. Differences in circadian rest-activity cycles and sleep were mainly age-dependent. We found statistically significant correlations between measures of higher quality of life and better mood, greater alertness and circadian rhythm stability. We conclude that continuous, long-term application of dawn-dusk simulation at the sleep-wake transitions appears to increase external zeitgeber strength in institutionalized patients with dementia. The DDS may provide an effective, non-invasive tool to improve mood and ameliorate patients' quality of life.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a dawn-dusk simulator (DDS) aimed at improving circadian rest-activity cycles, sleep, mood, and well-being in dementia patients. It does not involve any form of exergame or similar technology, and the focus is not on fall prevention.

[Author]   Brouwers, L., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    What is the value of 3D virtual reality in understanding acetabular fractures?
[Journal]  EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF ORTHOPAEDIC SURGERY AND TRAUMATOLOGY 30(1): 109-116.
[Abstract] BackgroundAcetabular fractures are difficult to classify owing to the complex three-dimensional (3D) anatomy of the pelvis. 3D printing helps to understand and reliably classify acetabular fracture types. 3D-virtual reality (VR) may have comparable benefits. Our hypothesis is that 3D-VR is equivalent to 3D printing in understanding acetabular fracture patterns.MethodsA total of 27 observers of various experience levels from several hospitals were requested to classify twenty 3D printed and VR models according to the Judet-Letournel classification. Additionally, surgeons were asked to state their preferred surgical approach and patient positioning. Time to classify each fracture type was recorded. The cases were randomized to rule out a learning curve. Inter-observer agreement was analyzed using Fleiss' kappa statistics (kappa).ResultsInter-observer agreements varied by observer group and type of model used to classify the fracture: medical students: 3D print (kappa =0.61), VR (kappa =0.41); junior surgical residents: 3D print (0.51) VR (0.54); senior surgical residents: 3D print (0.66) VR (0.52); junior surgeons: 3D print (0.56), VR (0.43); senior surgeons: 3D print (kappa =0.59), VR (kappa =0.42).Using 3D printed models, there was more agreement on the surgical approach (junior surgeons kappa =0.23, senior surgeons kappa =0.31) when compared with VR (junior surgeons kappa =0.17, senior surgeons 0.25). No difference was found in time used to classify these fractures between 3D printing and VR for all groups (P=1.000).ConclusionsThe Judet-Letournel acetabular classification stays difficult to interpret; only moderate kappa agreements were found. We found 3D-VR inferior to 3D printing in classifying acetabular fractures. Furthermore, the current 3D-VR technology is still not practical for intra-operative use.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of 3D virtual reality (VR) to understand and classify acetabular fractures, which is a topic in orthopedic surgery. It does not target older people, nor is it focused on preventing falls. The study compares 3D-VR with 3D printing for classifying fractures and does not involve an exergame or any form of physical exercise intervention. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial aimed at fall prevention. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Bruni, F., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Cognition Meets Gait: Where and How Mind and Body Weave Each Other in a Computational Psychometrics Approach in Aging.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 14.
[Abstract] Aging may be associated with conditions characterized by motor and cognitive alterations, which could have a detrimental impact on daily life. Although motors and cognitive aspects have always been treated as separate entities, recent literature highlights their relationship, stressing a strong association between locomotion and executive functions. Thus, designing interventions targeting the risks deriving from both components' impairments is crucial: the dual-task represents a starting point. Although its role in targeting and decreasing difficulties in aging is well known, most interventions are focused on a single domain, proposing a vertical model in which patients emerge only for a single aspect per time during assessment and rehabilitation. In this perspective, we propose a view of the individual as a whole between mind and body, suggesting a multicomponent and multidomain approach that could integrate different domains at the same time retracing lifelike situations. Virtual Reality, thanks to the possibility to develop daily environments with engaging challenges for patients, as well as to manage different devices to collect multiple data, provides the optimal scenario in which the integration could occur. Artificial Intelligence, otherwise, offers the best methodologies to integrate a great amount of various data to create a predictive model and identify appropriate and individualized interventions. Based on these assumptions the present perspective aims to propose the development of a new approach to an integrated, multimethod, multidimensional training in order to enhance cognition and physical aspects based on behavioral data, incorporating consolidated technologies in an innovative approach to neurology.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract discusses the relationship between motor and cognitive functions in aging and proposes a new approach using virtual reality and artificial intelligence to integrate multiple domains for training. However, it does not specifically mention an exergame intervention, nor does it report on a randomized controlled trial focused on preventing falls in the elderly. The paper is more of a perspective piece that suggests a future direction for research rather than presenting the results of a specific exergame intervention.

[Author]   Brusseau, T. A., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Contextual factors related to physical activity during daily middle school physical education.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SCIENCE AND MEDICINE IN SPORT 19(9): 733-737.
[Abstract] Objectives: Given the importance of optimizing physical activity in adolescents, the purpose of this study was to examine the effect of activity mode, environment, and semester on step counts/minute and MVPA during daily middle-school physical education (PE).Design: A prospective and observational research design.Methods: Participants included 232 students (Mean age = 13.3 +/- 0.4 years) recruited from the seventh and eighth grades from one public middle-school in the U.S. Activity modes were employed across the school year including motor skills, games, and fitness activities located in indoor and outdoor environments. Step counts/minute and MVPA were monitored across 132 PE lessons during Fall and Spring semesters using NL-1000 piezoelectric pedometers. A three-way Multivariate Analysis of Covariance (MANCOVA) was employed to examine the effect of activity mode (skill games vs. fitness), environment (indoors vs. outdoors), and semester (Fall vs. Spring) on student step counts/minute and MVPA. MANCOVA was followed by separate ANCOVA tests.Results: MANCOVA yielded a statistically significant three-way interaction (Wills' Lambda = 0.98 F(2, 1153) = 8.9, P<0.001). Follow-up tests supported that physical activity was higher during outdoor fitness activities in the Fall compared to indoor motor skills in the Spring for step counts/minute (Mean difference = 27.0 steps/minute, P<0.001, Cohen's d = 1.6) and MVPA (Mean difference = 7.8 min, P < 0.001, Cohen's d = 2.0).Conclusions: Daily middle-school physical activity was the highest during outdoor fitness activities in the, Fall and the lowest during indoor motor skill games in the Spring. (C) 2015 Sports Medicine Australia. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about physical activity in middle school students during physical education classes, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on adolescents, not older people, and it examines different modes of physical activity (motor skills, games, and fitness activities) rather than exergames. Additionally, the study design is observational, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Bruza-Augatis, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Financial analysis of PA lifetime earnings and debt.
[Journal]  JAAPA : official journal of the American Academy of Physician Assistants 34(11): 1-9.
[Abstract] ABSTRACT: This economic analysis of physician assistant/associate (PA) career earnings sought to assess the increasing effect of student debt, its potential effect on job selection, and whether such financial obligations may influence graduates to select higher-paying specialties. The model was a 30-year-old newly graduated PA who begins working in family medicine. A simulation included wages, student debt, national household expenditures, and real estate statistics. The scenario consisted of a high and middle cost of living in two geographic areas, a family of four, and an average life expectancy. Using a validated economic program, a series of calculations produced the financial effect on moderate-income levels and expenditures based on median PA earnings. On the deficit side is education debt, loan repayment, financing a house, college for children, retirement, and discretionary spending. Weighted variables were used to maximize the sensitivity effect of the simulation. A Monte Carlo probabilistic program predicted the likely outcome of income, expenses, inflation, and investments. Furthermore, the lifetime earnings of a PA who retires at age 67 years and lives to age 85 years falls in the 75th percentile of income of all Americans. The conclusion is that a full-time PA career in any clinical role is as economically rewarding as it is satisfying.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the financial analysis of physician assistant (PA) lifetime earnings and debt, and does not discuss the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Buckinx, F., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    The effects of GAMotion (a giant exercising board game) on physical capacity, motivation and quality of life among nursing home residents: A pilot interventional study.
[Journal]  EXPERIMENTAL GERONTOLOGY 138.
[Abstract] Background: In 2017, our team highlighted promising results of a giant exercising board game on physical activity level and a broader array of physical and psychological outcomes among nursing home residents. However, some improvements of this game were needed to make it more suitable for nursing homes and more challenging in terms of exercises. Therefore, we decided to develop a new version of a giant exercising board game: the GAMotion.Objectives: The primary objective of this pilot study was to assess the impact of the GAMotion on physical capacity among nursing home residents. The secondary aims were to assess the impact of the GAMotion on motivation and quality of life in this population.Methods: A one-month pilot interventional study was performed in two comparable nursing homes. Eleven participants meeting the inclusion criteria took part in the intervention in one nursing home, whereas 10 participants were assigned to the control group in the other institution. The GAMotion required participants to perform strength, flexibility, balance and endurance activities. The assistance provided by an exercising specialist decreased gradually during the intervention in an autonomy-oriented approach based on the self-determination theory. Physical capacity (i.e. fall risk using Tinetti test; dynamic balance using Timed Up and Go test (TUG); physical abilities using SPPB test; grip strength using Jamar dynamometer; isometric lower limb muscle strength using MicroFET2 and quantitative evaluation of walking using Locometrix), motivation (i.e. using Behavioral Regulation in Exercise Questionnaire-2) and quality of life (i.e. using EQ-5D questionnaire) were assessed at baseline and at the end of the intervention. A two-way repeated-measure analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used to assess time*group (intervention vs. control group) effects. All the analyses were adjusted on age, which differed significantly between the 2 groups at baseline.Results: During the intervention period, the experimental group displayed a greater improvement in Tinetti score (p < 0.0001), TUG (p = 0.02), SPPB (p < 0.0001), knee extensor isometric strength (p = 0.04), grip strength (p = 0.02), symmetry of steps (p = 0.04), 3 domains of the EQ-5D (i.e. mobility, self-care, usual activities: p < 0.0001) and intrinsic motivation (p = 0.02) compared to the control group. No significant improvement was demonstrated on the other parameters.Conclusion: These promising results should be interpreted with caution because of certain limitations (e.g. small sample size, no blind assessment). Further investigation is required to confirm and evaluate the long-term effectiveness of the GAMotion in nursing homes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation:
- The intervention targets older people, specifically nursing home residents, which meets the first criterion.
- The GAMotion is described as a "giant exercising board game" that involves physical activities such as strength, flexibility, balance, and endurance. While it is an interactive and engaging form of exercise, it is not explicitly described as an exergame (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, cognitive training, etc.), which does not fully meet the second criterion.
- The study is a pilot interventional study, but it is not a randomized controlled trial, which does not meet the third criterion.
- The paper reports original data from the pilot study, which is appropriate for inclusion, but the lack of a randomized controlled trial and the nature of the intervention being a board game rather than an exergame leads to the conclusion that this paper does not meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Burr, J. F., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Influence of Active Recovery on Cardiovascular Function During Ice Hockey.
[Journal]  Sports medicine - open 1(1): 27-27.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Ice hockey is a popular sport comprised of high-intensity repeated bouts of activity. Light activity, as opposed to passive rest, has been shown to improve power output in repeated sprinting and could potentially help to offset venous pooling, poor perfusion, and the risk of an ischemic event. The objective of our study was, thus, to examine the efficacy of low-intensity lower body activity following a simulated hockey shift for altering hemodynamic function.METHODS: In a cross-over design, 15 healthy hockey players (23±1years, 54±3mL/kg/min) performed two simulated hockey shifts. In both conditions, players skated up to 85% of age-predicted heart rate maximum, followed by either passive recovery or active recovery while hemodynamic measures were tracked for up to 180s of rest.RESULTS: Light active recovery within the confines of an ice hockey bench, while wearing skates and protective gear, was effective for augmenting cardiac output (an average of 2.5±0.2L/min, p=0.03) at 45, 50, and 120s. These alterations were driven by a sustained elevation in heart rate (12bpm, p=0.05) combined with a physiological relevant but non-significant (11.6mL, p=0.06) increase in stroke volume.CONCLUSIONS: Standing and pacing between shifts offers a realistic in-game solution to help slow the precipitous drop in cardiac output (heart rate and stroke volume) that typically occurs with passive rest. Prolonging the duration of an elevated cardiac output further into recovery may be beneficial for promoting recovery of the working skeletal muscles and also avoiding venous pooling and reduced myocardial perfusion.KEY POINTS: Evidence that light activity in the form of standing/pacing is effective for maintaining cardiac output, and thus venous returnIncreased cardiac output and venous return may help reduce the chances of poor perfusion (ischemia) and could also promote recovery for performanceThis is a simple, low-risk, intervention demonstrated for the first time to work within the confines of a player's bench while wearing hockey gear.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the influence of active recovery on cardiovascular function during ice hockey, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are healthy hockey players, and the focus is on cardiovascular function and recovery, not on preventing falls in older people using exergames.

[Author]   Bursiek, A. A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Use of High-Fidelity Simulation to Enhance Interdisciplinary Collaboration and Reduce Patient Falls.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF PATIENT SAFETY 16(3): 245-250.
[Abstract] Objectives This pilot study aimed to determine the effect of nurse/physician interdisciplinary team training on patient falls. Specifically, we evaluated team training in a simulation center as a method for targeting and minimizing breakdowns in perceptions of respect, collaboration, communication, and role misunderstanding behaviors between care disciplines. Methods Registered nurses (RNs) were randomly assigned to participate. Residents were divided into groups and assigned based on their availability and clinical responsibility. All participants completed a demographic form, the Professional Practice Environment Assessment Scale (PPEAS), and the Mayo High Performance Teamwork Scale (MHPTS) after consenting and before participation in simulation training. The PPEAS and the MHPTS were readministered at 2 and 6 months after the simulation experience. Differences in MHPTS and PPEAS scores between the baseline and 2- and 6-month assessments were analyzed; fall rates over time were evaluated using Cochran-Armitage trend tests. Results After the team training exercises, teamwork as measured by the MHPTS improved significantly at both 2 and 6 months (P= 0.01;P< 0.001) compared with baseline measurement. Practice environment subscores, with the exception of positive organizational characteristics, also increased when measured 6 months after training. The primary outcome, reduction in anticipated patient falls, improved significantly (P= 0.02) over the course of the study. Conclusions Results of this pilot study show that team training exercises result in improvement in both patient safety (anticipated patient falls) and team member perception of their work environment. If validated by other studies, improvement in this patient safety metric would represent an important benefit of simulation and team training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the abstract involves high-fidelity simulation and team training for healthcare professionals (nurses and physicians) to enhance interdisciplinary collaboration and reduce patient falls. It does not meet the criteria for using exergames as an intervention, nor does it specifically target older people.

[Author]   Burstein, B., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Simulation and Web-based learning increases utilization of Bier block for forearm fracture reduction in the pediatric emergency department.
[Journal]  CANADIAN JOURNAL OF EMERGENCY MEDICINE 19(6): 434-440.
[Abstract] Objectives: Bier block (BB) is a safe and effective alternative to procedural sedation for analgesia during forearm fracture reductions, yet remains infrequently used in the pediatric emergency department (PED). No standardized methods of BB training have previously been described. The objective of this study was to determine whether a multimodal instructional course increases comfort with BB and translates to increased use of this technique.Methods: A novel interdisciplinary simulation and Web-based training course was developed to teach the use of BB for forearm fracture reduction at a tertiary PED. Participants were surveyed pre-/post-training, and at 2 and 6 months regarding their comfort with BB. In parallel, we prospectively assessed the clinical use of BB for children ages 6 to 18 years requiring closed reduction of forearm fractures during the 24-month post-course period.Results: Course participation included 26 physicians and 12 nurses. Survey response rate was 100%. Course participation increased both comfort (10% pre-training v. 89% post-training, p<0.001) and the willingness to use BB (51% pre-training v. 95% post-training, p<0.001), an effect sustained at 6 months post-course (66% and 92%, respectively, p<0.001 for both). In clinical practice, there were no BBs performed prior to course administration. We observed a consistent and sustained increase in clinical use among the BB-trained physicians, with 37% of all forearm reductions performed using BB at 24 months post-course completion.Conclusions: A novel combined simulation and Web-based training course increased comfort and willingness to use BB and was associated with increased use of this technique for forearm fracture reduction in the PED.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a simulation and web-based learning course to increase the utilization of Bier block for forearm fracture reduction in the pediatric emergency department. The intervention targets healthcare providers, not older people, and the focus is on training for a medical procedure rather than using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Bustamante, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Bridging the Appearance Domain Gap in Elderly Posture Recognition with YOLOv9.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 14(21).
[Abstract] Accurate posture detection of elderly people is crucial to improve monitoring and provide timely alerts in homes and elderly care facilities. Human posture recognition is experiencing a great leap in performance with the incorporation of deep neural networks (DNNs) such as YOLOv9. Unfortunately, DNNs require large amounts of annotated data for training, which can be addressed by using virtual reality images. This paper investigates how to address the appearance domain that lies between synthetic and natural images. Therefore, four experiments (VIRTUAL-VIRTUAL; HYBRID-VIRTUAL; VIRTUAL-REAL; and HYBRID-REAL) were designed to assess the feasibility of recognising the postures of virtual or real elderly people after training with virtual and real images of elderly people. The results show that YOLOv9 achieves the most outstanding accuracy of 98.41% in detecting and discriminating between standing, sitting, and lying postures after training on a large number of virtual images complemented by a much smaller number of real images when testing on real images.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on the use of deep neural networks, specifically YOLOv9, for posture recognition in elderly people. While it mentions the use of virtual reality images to train the model, the primary focus is on improving the accuracy of posture detection rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the paper does not describe a randomized controlled trial or report results related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Buttongkum, D., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    3D reconstruction of proximal femoral fracture from biplanar radiographs with fractural representative learning.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 13(1).
[Abstract] A femoral fracture is a severe injury occurring in traumatic and pathologic causes. Diagnosis and Preoperative planning are indispensable procedures relying on preoperative radiographs such as X-ray and CT images. Nevertheless, CT imaging has a higher cost, radiation dose, and longer acquisition time than X-ray imaging. Thus, the fracture 3D reconstruction from X-ray images had been needed and remains a challenging problem, as well as a lack of dataset. This paper proposes a 3D proximal femoral fracture reconstruction from biplanar radiographs to improve the 3D visualization of bone fragments during preoperative planning. A novel Fracture Reconstruction Network (FracReconNet) is proposed to retrieve the femoral bone shape with fracture details, including the 3D Reconstruction Network (3DReconNet), novel Auxiliary class (AC), and Fractural augmentation (FA). The 3D reconstruction network applies a deep learning-based, fully Convolutional Network with Feature Pyramid Network architecture. Specifically, the auxiliary class is proposed, which refers to fracture representation. It encourages network learning to reconstruct the fracture. Since the samples are scarce to acquire, the fractural augmentation is invented to enlarge the fracture training samples and improve reconstruction accuracy. The evaluation of FracReconNet achieved a mIoU of 0.851 and mASSD of 0.906 mm. The proposed FracReconNet's results show fracture detail similar to the real fracture, while the 3DReconNet cannot offer.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about 3D reconstruction of proximal femoral fractures from biplanar radiographs using a novel deep learning-based method. It does not involve exergames, nor does it target the prevention of falls in the elderly. The focus is on improving the 3D visualization of bone fragments for preoperative planning.

[Author]   Bytyci, A., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Pilot study of an integrated care model using the geriatric assessment tool.
[Journal]  WIENER KLINISCHE WOCHENSCHRIFT 131(11-12): 273-277.
[Abstract] BackgroundOlder people with type2 diabetes mellitus often suffer from adverse medical and social conditions which are often unrecognized in routine care. Integrated care aims to address all these aspects and centers on the needs of the patient and not the disease. The Accessible Quality Healthcare project in Kosovo, is piloting an integrated care model for patients 65years and over with type2 diabetes mellitus, which also introduces comprehensive geriatric assessment and care planning.MethodsIn this study two groups (1) acentral working group and (2) amultisectoral implementation group of health and social care professionals were established to develop ageriatric assessment form and an individual care plan form for this project.ResultsThe groups decided to address the following problems in the geriatric assessment: activities of daily living, urinary incontinence, gait, balance, falls, depression, cognitive function, and frailty. The assessment is carried out by anurse and asocial worker in the living environment of the patient, and the individual care plan is drawn up jointly by adoctor, anurse, and asocial worker and includes (1) problems of the patient, (2) specific goals for each problem and (3) activities to reach the goals.ConclusionThis intervention is one of the first in the health system in Kosovo to implement integrated care in avery vulnerable population. Physical training will be an important tool to tackle many problems detected through the geriatric assessment and which are also associated with type2 diabetes mellitus.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on an integrated care model for older people with type 2 diabetes mellitus, which includes a geriatric assessment and care planning. While the assessment addresses issues such as gait, balance, and falls, there is no mention of exergames or any specific intervention using virtual reality, video games, or other forms of exergames. Additionally, the paper does not report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Bzduskova, D., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Fear of heights shapes postural responses to vibration-induced balance perturbation at virtual height.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN HUMAN NEUROSCIENCE 17.
[Abstract] IntroductionStanding upright at height is a challenging situation involving intense threat of balance loss and fall. The ability to maintain balance in such conditions requires properly resolving sensory conflicts and is influenced by fear. To get more insight on the role of fear in balance control at height, we explored the dynamics of postural behavior in the situation of enhanced threat of potential balance loss.MethodsIn 40 young individuals with varying fear of heights, we combined simulated exposure to height in a virtual reality environment with bilateral vibration of tibialis anterior muscles which evokes posture destabilization (the so-called vibration-induced falling).ResultsUnder such condition of enhanced postural threat, individuals with intense fear of heights showed stronger stiffening of posture compared with individuals with low fear of heights who react more flexibly and adaptively to posture destabilization. This group difference was evident already at ground level but further increased during virtual height exposure.DiscussionOur data show that fear of height significantly affects posture adaptation to balance-destabilizing events. Our findings demonstrate that the assessment of postural behavior during threatening situations in the virtual reality environment provides valuable insights into the mechanisms of balance control and may be used to develop novel strategies aimed at prevention of falls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on young individuals and their postural responses to balance perturbation at virtual height, rather than older people. Additionally, the study is more about understanding the role of fear in balance control and does not involve an exergame intervention aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Cacciari, P. P. and M. M. Futai (2021). 
[Title]    The Influence of Fresh and Weathered Rock Foliation on the Stability of the Monte Seco Tunnel.
[Journal]  ROCK MECHANICS AND ROCK ENGINEERING 54(2): 537-558.
[Abstract] The Monte Seco tunnel (MST) is one of several old unlined tunnels constructed for Brazilian railways in the 1950s, and the MST still receives intense train traffic (primarily for iron ore transportation). The MST was constructed in a fractured gneissic rock mass, which has potential instability problems associated with gravity-driven block falls (at low stress confinements) defined by three fracture sets and the metamorphic foliation. Previous geological and geotechnical surveys at the MST site have included basic geomechanical classifications from outcrops and drill core specimens, detailed terrestrial laser scanning (TLS) mapping of foliation and fracture planes, geoelectrical imaging and laboratory tests. These surveys discovered two sections of the tunnel (referred to herein as MS1 and MS2) with major potential for instability problems (i.e., poor rock mass qualities). In this paper, the 3D discrete element method (DEM) was used to assess the potential stability problems in these sections with particular interest on the role of the rock foliation strength on the current stability state of these sections. Three instability indicators were developed and monitored during and after the DEM simulations: the total failed block volume (FBV), the average displacement of the tunnel face (AD), and the percentage of slipping contacts near the tunnel face (SC). The weathering effects were considered in two different scenarios: the occurrence of isolated weathered foliation planes (WFPs) and the general weathering advance through potentially weathered regions. In the latter scenario, the percentage of weathered contacts (WC) increased progressively. The overall results indicated that fresh foliation planes ensured the current tunnel stability due to the moderate mica content (M-a) in such geological structures. Thus, underestimating the strength of foliation planes causes unrealistic instability conditions in the tunnel. However, the weathering advance on fractures and foliation planes can trigger important instability problems over time.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the stability of a tunnel in relation to rock foliation and weathering, and does not discuss exergames or fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Cakir, E. (2022). 
[Title]    Oral History and Cultural Change: 
[Journal]  ello to Television"." MILLI FOLKLOR(136): 79-93.
[Abstract] Many factors form the collective memory of societies and play a role in cultural change. In this study, the process of Turkey's acquaintance with television, in particular the relationship between cultural change and technology, is discussed with the oral history method. In the study, the answers to the questions "How did society say hello to television and how did television affect the daily life of society?" were questioned from the point of view of folklore, and semi-structured interviews were conducted with 21 informants who witnessed this process, in other words, who experienced cultural shock, between 2012 and 2019. Television in terms of communication technology; is at a leading, critical point in cultural change. Television has been characterized as "the video radio, home theater, invention of the devil, invention of the infidel, Christ, antichrist, opium of the people, wasteland, time thief, fool's box, magic box, painkiller, white noise, companion of loneliness, ordinary, low, electronic giant, farsighted technology, window to the world, myth, contemporary storyteller, culture pro-duction machine, cultural garbage" in social memory, from positive and negative viewpoints. The process of acquaintance with television in Anatolia took place approximately between 1970-1985; verbal expressions of television such as fairy tales, stories, legends, and folk songs; taking an active role in children's games, enter-tainment and replacing ordinary daily conversations. It is seen that people adjust their daily or weekly plans and time according to television. In particular, the elderly showed resistance to meeting with TV, and this caused tragicomic memories in terms of folk humor; the fact that TV also affects neighborliness and hospitality, and travels are made even outside the province to watch television; that the financial difficulty of buying television creates a memory in the public economy; it has been determined that expatriates and people with good economic status take an active role in meeting with television and this situation gives them prestige and status. It is seen that traditional folk theater such as Karagoz-Hacivat was used in the first period domestic broadcasts, and be-sides, television negatively affected traditional conversation meetings and coffeehouses, which are the perfor-mance environment of minstrels, in the context of cultural change. In addition, television causes para-social interaction; people tend to identify themselves or those around them with people on television, especially in matters related to their appearances, such as clothing, speech, and hairstyle, and thus television directs fashion. It has been determined that people give names or nicknames to their children, spouses, friends or animals based on the characters on the television, and this affects children's games. It has been determined that television also affects handicrafts, and people give names to hand-knitted models based on the people they are influenced by television. It is seen that an important event such as the coup in 1980, which profoundly affected society in terms of politics, took place in memory as an oral history record concerning television. In this period, in the marriage rite of passage, while the television turned into a dowry object for the man, the girl was expected to knit a television cover for her dowry. In addition, when the bride is taken to the groom's house, she does not get out of the vehicle and asks her mother-in-law or father-in-law for an asset with material value, called "drop off" or "donation for the road".It is seen that television is donated to the bride for a discount besides properties such as fields, vineyards, and houses. The arrival of electricity in Anatolia for the people who use the car battery as a solution to watch television and get electricity after TV. "Television came, electricity came." is expressed. In this process, it is seen that coffee houses have an important spatial function. Words such as television tea, tele-vision tingling, television evil eye, antenna forest, and telesapphire show the emergence of television jargon. In addition, it has been determined that television is included in verbal expressions such as riddles, manis, and folk songs. It is concluded that television is functional in social and cultural change in terms of carrying the local to the national and contributing to nationalization, as well as accelerating globalization. It is thought that this study will contribute to research that will analyze cultural changes in folklore and technology.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the cultural impact of television in Turkey, particularly how it influenced daily life, social interactions, and cultural change. It does not meet any of the criteria for the use of exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Calabro, R. S., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Improving motor performance in Parkinson's disease: a preliminary study on the promising use of the computer assisted virtual reality environment (CAREN).
[Journal]  NEUROLOGICAL SCIENCES 41(4): 933-941.
[Abstract] Background Parkinson's disease (PD) is a neurodegenerative disorder characterized by various motor symptoms including balance and gait impairment. Several studies have shown that physiotherapy, cueing techniques, treadmill training, and cognitive movement strategies are useful in improving balance and gait in patients with PD. Devices employing virtual reality (VR) have been shown to be promising in neurorehabilitation as they can provide the patients with multisensory stimulation creating a realistic environment and improve the motivation and the adhesion of patients to the rehabilitation program. This preliminary study is aimed at testing the efficacy and feasibility of gait training based on the computer-assisted virtual reality environment (CAREN) in a sample of PD. Methods In this preliminary study, 22 outpatients affected by PD who attended the Behavioral and Robotic Neurorehab Laboratory of the IRCCS Neurolesi between August 2017 and October 2018 were enrolled. All PD patients underwent 20 conventional physiotherapy sessions followed by 3-month of rest. Then, the patients were provided with 20 sessions of CAREN training. Gait and balance performances were rated before, after each training protocol, and 3 months later. Gait analysis was also performed before and after CAREN training. Results All patients completed both of the rehabilitation trainings without any adverse event. All considered scales improved significantly at the end of both rehabilitation treatments. However, patients presented with a greater clinical improvement after the CAREN training, compared with conventional physiotherapy. In particular, patients walked faster and with more stability, with wider, longer steps. Conclusions Even though further neurophysiological details are required to identify the patients who may benefit from CAREN training, our findings suggest that this innovative device is an effective and feasible tool to train balance and gait in patients with PD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a computer-assisted virtual reality environment (CAREN) to improve motor performance, specifically balance and gait, in patients with Parkinson's disease. While the intervention involves a form of virtual reality, which could be considered an exergame, the study does not specifically target older people, and it is not focused on preventing falls. Additionally, the study is described as a preliminary study rather than a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Calamita, P., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Translating the Game: Ribosomes as Active Players.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN GENETICS 9.
[Abstract] Ribosomes have been long considered as executors of the translational program. The fact that ribosomes can control the translation of specific mRNAs or entire cellular programs is often neglected. Ribosomopathies, inherited diseases with mutations in ribosomal factors, show tissue specific defects and cancer predisposition. Studies of ribosomopathies have paved the way to the concept that ribosomes may control translation of specific mRNAs. Studies in Drosophila and mice support the existence of heterogeneous ribosomes that differentially translate mRNAs to coordinate cellular programs. Recent studies have now shown that ribosomal activity is not only a critical regulator of growth but also of metabolism. For instance, glycolysis and mitochondrial function have been found to be affected by ribosomal availability. Also, ATP levels drop in models of ribosomopathies. We discuss findings highlighting the relevance of ribosome heterogeneity in physiological and pathological conditions, as well as the possibility that in rate-limiting situations, ribosomes may favor some translational programs. We discuss the effects of ribosome heterogeneity on cellular metabolism, tumorigenesis and aging. We speculate a scenario in which ribosomes are not only executors of a metabolic program but act as modulators.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper "Translating the Game: Ribosomes as Active Players" is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The abstract focuses on the role of ribosomes in cellular processes, including translation, metabolism, and their involvement in diseases and aging. It does not mention any interventions, exergames, or randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Cano Porras, D., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Patterns of whole-body muscle activations following vertical perturbations during standing and walking.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 18(1).
[Abstract] Background Falls commonly occur due to losses of balance associated with vertical body movements (e.g. reacting to uneven ground, street curbs). Research, however, has focused on horizontal perturbations, such as forward and backward translations of the standing surface. This study describes and compares muscle activation patterns following vertical and horizontal perturbations during standing and walking, and investigates the role of vision during standing postural responses. Methods Fourteen healthy participants (ten males; 27 +/- 4 years-old) responded to downward, upward, forward, and backward perturbations while standing and walking in a virtual reality (VR) facility containing a moveable platform with an embedded treadmill; participants were also exposed to visual perturbations in which only the virtual scenery moved. We collected bilateral surface electromyography (EMG) signals from 8 muscles (tibialis anterior, rectus femoris, rectus abdominis, external oblique, gastrocnemius, biceps femoris, paraspinals, deltoids). Parameters included onset latency, duration of activation, and activation magnitude. Standing perturbations comprised dynamic-camera (congruent), static-camera (incongruent) and eyes-closed sensory conditions. ANOVAs were used to compare the effects of perturbation direction and sensory condition across muscles. Results Vertical perturbations induced longer onset latencies and shorter durations of activation with lower activation magnitudes in comparison to horizontal perturbations (p<0.0001). Downward perturbations while standing generated earlier activation of anterior muscles to facilitate flexion (for example, p=0.0005 and p=0.0021 when comparing the early activators, rectus femoris and tibialis anterior, to a late activator, the paraspinals), whereas upward perturbations generated earlier activation of posterior muscles to facilitate extension (for example, p<0.0001 and p=0.0004, when comparing the early activators, biceps femoris and gastrocnemius, to a late activator, the rectus abdominis). Static-camera conditions induced longer onset latencies (p=0.0085 and p<0.0001 compared to eyes-closed and dynamic-camera conditions, respectively), whereas eyes-closed conditions induced longer durations of activation (p=0.0001 and p=0.0008 compared to static-camera and dynamic-camera, respectively) and larger activation magnitudes. During walking, downward perturbations promptly activated contralateral trunk and deltoid muscles (e.g., p=0.0036 for contralateral deltoid versus a late activator, the ipsilateral tibialis anterior), and upward perturbations triggered early activation of trunk flexors (e.g., p=0.0308 for contralateral rectus abdominis versus a late activator, the ipsilateral gastrocnemius). Visual perturbations elicited muscle activation in 67.7% of trials. Conclusion Our results demonstrate that vertical (vs. horizontal) perturbations generate unique balance-correcting muscle activations, which were consistent with counteracting vertical body extension induced by downward perturbations and vertical body flexion induced by upward perturbations. Availability of visual input appears to affect response efficiency, and incongruent visual input can adversely affect response triggering. Our findings have clinical implications for the design of robotic exoskeletons (to ensure user safety in dynamic balance environments) and for perturbation-based balance and gait rehabilitation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve a virtual reality (VR) setup and perturbations, the study focuses on muscle activation patterns in response to vertical and horizontal perturbations during standing and walking. The participants are healthy young adults, not older people, and the study is not an intervention using exergames to prevent falls. Additionally, the paper does not report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Carpenter, B. K. (2023). 
[Title]    Prediction of Kinetic Product Ratios: Investigation of a Dynamically Controlled Case.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF PHYSICAL CHEMISTRY A 127(1): 224-239.
[Abstract] Of the various factors influencing kinetically controlled product ratios, the role of nonstatistical dynamics is arguably the least well understood. In this paper, reactions were chosen in which dynamics played a dominant role in product selection, by design. Specifically, the reactions studied were the ring openings of cyclopropylidene to allene and tetramethylcyclopropylidene to tetramethylallene (2,4-dimethylpenta-2,3diene). Both reactions have intrinsic reaction coordinates that bifurcate symmetrically, leading to products that are enantiomeric once the atoms are uniquely labeled. The question addressed in the study was whether the outcomes -that is, which product well on the potential energy surface was selected -could be predicted from their initial conditions for individual trajectories in quasiclassical dynamics simulations. Hybrid potentials were developed based on cooperative interaction between molecular mechanics and artificial neural networks, trained against data from electronic structure calculations. These potentials allowed simulations of both gas-phase and condensed-phase reactions. The outcome was that, for both reactions, prediction of initial selection of product wells could be made with >95% success from initial conditions of the trajectories in the gas phase. However, when trajectories were run for longer, looking for "final" products for each trajectory, the predictability dropped off dramatically. In the gas-phase simulations, this drop off was caused by trajectories hopping between product wells on the potential energy surface. That behavior could be suppressed in condensed phases, but then new uncertainty was introduced because the intermolecular interactions between solute and bath, necessary to permit intermolecular energy transfer and cooling of the hot initial products, often led to perturbations of the initial directions of trajectories on the potential energy surface. It would consequently appear that a general ability to predict outcomes for reactions in which nonstatistical dynamics dominate remains a challenge even in the age of sophisticated machine-learning capabilities.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the prediction of kinetic product ratios in chemical reactions and does not address the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The content is focused on chemical dynamics and simulations, which are unrelated to the specified criteria.

[Author]   Carr, S., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Effects of age on listening and postural control during realistic multi-tasking conditions.
[Journal]  HUMAN MOVEMENT SCIENCE 73.
[Abstract] Successful performance of balance-related activities requires the effective integration of sensory, cognitive, and motor processes that can be affected by age-related changes. Of these age-related sensory changes, the effects of declines in hearing on balance have not been well-studied despite the fact that hearing loss has now been acknowledged as a significant risk factor for falls. The goal of this study was to evaluate age-related differences in a "standing while listening" task within increasingly challenging conditions resembling those that are often encountered in realistic, everyday situations.This study used a dual-task paradigm in an immersive Virtual Reality street scene setting in which postural load (firm, compliant), listening load (number of talkers), and visual load (eyes open/closed) were manipulated. A multi-talker divided attention listening task was used. Postural performance was assessed using center of pressure (COP) path length, while listening performance was assessed using spoken word recognition accuracy.Results demonstrated that age-related differences were observed in postural performance when postural demands were the highest and in listening performance when listening demands were the highest. Proportional dual-task costs were more pronounced for postural task performance compared to listening task performance and were more pronounced for older compared to younger adults. Postural dual-task costs increased as a function of increasing listening loads. Removal of visual information improved listening task performance across both groups and reduced the dual-task costs to listening in older adults when listening demands were highest (resulting in dual-task benefits).Taken together, the findings support previously documented age-related declines in postural control and auditory processing, demonstrate that increasing listening demands may result in poorer balance, particularly in older adults, and provide additional insights into the interactive effects of age-related declines when sensory, motor, and cognitive challenges are incremented factorially.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it involves older adults and uses a virtual reality setting, the focus is on evaluating age-related differences in postural control and listening performance under various sensory, cognitive, and motor conditions. The study does not specifically aim to use exergames as an intervention to prevent falls, nor does it report results from a randomized controlled trial designed for that purpose.

[Author]   Carteni, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    The value of waiting spaces: Tourists' willingness to pay for high-quality bus terminals.
[Journal]  TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH INTERDISCIPLINARY PERSPECTIVES 26.
[Abstract] Transport quality has long been recognized as an important factor in influencing travelers' behavior, and transport terminal quality undoubtedly plays no small part. Indeed, transit promotion policies explicitly based on qualitative factors and high-standard architecture are increasingly being adopted in designing new bus terminals and stops. High architectural standards can be found in several bus terminals worldwide. Nevertheless, the literature in transport sector has yet to explore the impact of bus terminal "hedonic quality" on users' behavior or use their willingness to pay (WTP) in cost-benefit analyses or other transport policy applications. Hedonic value is here intended as the aggregate of all elements related to travelers' pleasure in spending time in a terminal where architectural beauty and the passenger services offered are arguably the most visible and representative attributes. Within this context, we propose a quantitative analysis of the perceived hedonic value of bus nodes in terms of users' WTP (pure preference) for a high-quality bus terminal. To this end a discrete choice experiment based on a visual immersive experience was performed, and data were collected from 324 residents of Milan (Italy) traveling for tourism. Different binomial Mixed Logit models with panel data and random coefficients were estimated for the purpose. Monetary valuation of pure preference for using a high-quality bus terminal was estimated with a mean of about 25 % of the average trip cost observed for the case study considered. This pure preference means that the Italian tourist is willing to spend up to <euro>4.35/trip more for a high-quality bus waiting space or travel up to 28.2 min/trip more, instead of using a traditional bus terminal for the same trip. Categoryspecific analyses show that females > 30 years old have a greater pure preference for a high-quality bus terminal (up to + 220 %) against males and young users. The employed also have a higher (+42 %) pure preference for the beauty of a bus terminal against others. The results of this paper should be compared with those from other case studies as they have a potential impact for transportation planning applications, underling the importance of also incorporating "hedonic quality" as explicit design variables for new/revamped transportation hub. At the same time, new challenges are posed for modeling user behavior and determining quality-related indicators and measures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the willingness of tourists to pay for high-quality bus terminals, which is unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Castellanos-Perilla, N., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Self-reported glaucoma prevalence and related factors, contribution to reported visual impairment, and functional burden in a cross-sectional study in Colombia.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL OPHTHALMOLOGY 43(7): 2447-2455.
[Abstract] PurposeDescribe the self-reported prevalence of glaucoma in Colombian older adults, emphasizing the most important risk factors and associated daily-life functional alterations.MethodsThis a secondary analysis of the Health, Wellness, and Aging survey conducted in the year 2015. Diagnosis of glaucoma was obtained from self-report. Functional variables were assessed through activities of daily living questionnaires. A descriptive analysis followed by bivariate and multivariate regression models adjusting for confounding variables was conducted.ResultsSelf-reported prevalence of glaucoma was 5.67%, with higher rate in women, OR 1.22 (1.13-1.40) p = .003, older age OR 1.02 (1.01-1.02) p < .001, and with higher education OR 1.38 (1.28-1.50) p < .001. Glaucoma was independently associated with diabetes OR 1.37 (1.18-1.61) p < .001 and hypertension 1.26 (1.08-1.46) p = .003. It also showed statistically significant correlations with poor SRH OR 1.15 (1.02-1.32) p < .001, self-reported visual impairment 1.73 (1.50-2.01) p < .001, and impairment in money management OR 1.59 (1.16-2.08) p = .002, grocery shopping OR 1.57 (1.26-1.96) p < .001 and preparing meals OR 1.31 (1.06-1.63) p = .013 and having had falls during the last year OR 1.14 (1.01-1.31) p = 0.041.ConclusionOur findings suggest the self-reported prevalence of glaucoma in older adults in Colombia to be higher than reported data. Glaucoma and visual impairment in older adults represent a public health concern, since glaucoma was associated with adverse outcomes like functional loss and risk of falling, affecting the quality of life and their participation in society.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the self-reported prevalence of glaucoma in older adults in Colombia and its association with various risk factors, functional impairments, and the risk of falling. It does not discuss the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Castelli, L., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    We-Measure: Toward a low-cost portable posturography for patients with multiple sclerosis using the commercial Wii balance board.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE NEUROLOGICAL SCIENCES 359(1-2): 440-444.
[Abstract] This study was aimed at investigating whether postural sway measures derived from a standard force platform were similar to those generated by a custom-written software ("We-Measure") acquiring and processing data from a commercial Nintendo balance board (BB). For this purpose, 90 patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) and 50 healthy controls (HC) were tested in a single-day session with a reference standard force platform and a BB-based system.Despite its acceptable between-device agreement (tested by visual evaluation of Bland-Altman plot), the low-cost BB-based system tended to overestimate postural sway when compared to the reference standard force platform in both MS and HC groups (on average +30% and +54%, respectively). Between-device reliability was just adequate (MS: 66%, HC: 47%), while test-retest reliability was excellent (MS: 84%, HC: 88%). Concurrent validity evaluation showed similar performance between the reference standard force platform and the BB-based system in discriminating fallers and non-fallers among patients with MS. All these findings may encourage the use of this balance board-based new device in longitudinal study, rather than in cross-sectional design, thus providing a potential useful tool for multicenter settings. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on comparing postural sway measures using a standard force platform and a custom-written software with a commercial Nintendo balance board, specifically for patients with multiple sclerosis and healthy controls. It does not meet the criteria for an intervention targeting older people, nor does it involve an exergame or report results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Castro-Zunti, R., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Assessing the speed-accuracy trade-offs of popular convolutional neural networks for single-crop rib fracture classification.
[Journal]  COMPUTERIZED MEDICAL IMAGING AND GRAPHICS 91.
[Abstract] Rib fractures are injuries commonly assessed in trauma wards. Deep learning has demonstrated state-of-the-art accuracy for a variety of tasks, including image classification. This paper assesses the speed-accuracy trade-offs and general suitability of four popular convolutional neural networks to classify rib fractures from axial computed tomography imagery. We transfer learned InceptionV3, ResNet50, MobileNetV2, and VGG16 models, additionally training "decomposed" models comprised of taking only the first n blocks for each block for each architecture. Given that acute (new) fractures are generally most important to detect, we trained two types of models: a classful model with classes acute, old (healed), and normal (non-fractured); and a binary model with acute vs. the other classes. We found that the first 7 blocks of InceptionV3 achieved the best results and general speed-accuracy trade-off. The classful model achieved a 5-fold cross-validation average accuracy and macro recall of 96.00% and 94.0%, respectively. The binary model achieved a 5-fold cross-validation average accuracy, macro recall, and area under receiver operator characteristic curve of 97.76%, 94.6%, and 94.7%, respectively. On a Windows 10 PC with 32GB RAM and an Nvidia 1080ti GPU, the model's average CPU and GPU per-crop inference times were 13.6 and 12.2 ms, respectively. Compared to the InceptionV3 Block 7 classful model, a radiologist with 9 years of experience was less accurate but more sensitive to acute fractures; meanwhile, the deep learning model had fewer false positive diagnoses and better sensitivity to old fractures and normal ribs. The Cohen's Kappa between the two was 0.813.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of convolutional neural networks for classifying rib fractures from computed tomography imagery. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Catricala, B., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Biography-based Robot Games for Older Adults [arXiv].
[Journal]  arXiv.
[Abstract] One issue in aging is how to stimulate the cognitive skills of older adults. One way to address it is the use of serious games delivered through humanoid robots, to provide engaging ways to perform exercises to train memory, attention, processing, and planning activities. We present an approach in which a humanoid robot, by using various modalities, propose the games in a way personalised to specific individuals' experiences using their personal memories associated with facts and events that occurred in older adults' life. This personalization can increase their interest and engagement, and thus potentially reduce the cognitive training drop-out.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper discusses the use of a humanoid robot to deliver serious games aimed at stimulating cognitive skills in older adults. However, it does not specifically mention exergames, which typically involve physical exercise. The focus is on cognitive training rather than physical activity, and there is no indication that the study includes randomized controlled trials or reports results related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Cellini, R., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Effect of Immersive Virtual Reality by a Computer Assisted Rehabilitation Environment (CAREN) in Juvenile Huntington's Disease: A Case Report.
[Journal]  MEDICINA-LITHUANIA 58(7).
[Abstract] Various studies have proven the utility of immersive virtual reality (VR) as a complementary approach to conventional neurorehabilitation therapy for improving neuromuscular and cognitive outcomes in several neurological diseases. We hereby report findings from a single-case experience of a 21-year-old woman affected by juvenile Huntington's disease (HD) who underwent a targeted rehabilitative approach using an advanced Computer Assisted Rehabilitation Environment (CAREN) with a three sessions/week schedule for six months. At the end of the program, a manifested improvement was noticed in the Falls Efficacy Scale International score, in the Tinetti Scale, in the Berg Balance score and in the lower limb strength (MRC scale). Minor although tangible improvements were also noticed in some physical performance tests (10 m walking test, time up and go test). Findings reported, although preliminary, extend for the first time the usefulness of neurorehabilitation using innovative VR technologies also to juvenile HD, a condition for which common rehabilitation strategies bring only marginal physical benefits in the majority of cases. Future, controlled studies are awaited for generalizing these observations to larger populations and for clarifying whether such benefits may persist also in the long-term.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets a 21-year-old woman with juvenile Huntington's disease, and the study is a single-case report rather than a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the focus is on the use of immersive virtual reality for neurorehabilitation, which, while related to balance and fall efficacy, does not specifically target the elderly population.

[Author]   Cerda-Lugo, A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Modeling the neuro-mechanics of human balance when recovering from a fall: a continuous-time approach.
[Journal]  BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING ONLINE 19(1).
[Abstract] Background Balance control deteriorates with age and nearly 30% of the elderly population in the United States reports stability problems. Postural stability is an integral task to daily living reliant upon the control of the ankle and hip. To this end, the estimation of joint parameters can be a useful tool when analyzing compensatory actions aimed at maintaining postural stability. Methods Using an analytical approach, this study expands on previous work and analyzes a two degrees of freedom human model. The first two modes of vibration of the system are represented by the neuro-mechanical parameters of a second-order, time-varying Kelvin-Voigt model actuated at the ankle and hip. The model is tested using a custom double inverted pendulum and healthy volunteers who were subjected to a positional step-like perturbation during quiet standing. An in silico sensitivity analysis of the influence of inertial parameters was also performed. Results The proposed method is able to correctly identify the time-varying visco-elastic parameters of of a double inverted pendulum. We show that that the parameter estimation method can be applied to standing humans. These results appear to identify a subject-independent strategy to control quiet standing that combines both the modulation of stiffness, and the use of an intermittent control. Conclusions This paper presents the analysis of the non-linear system of differential equations representing the control of lumped muscle-tendon units. It utilizes motion capture measurements to obtain the estimates of the system's control parameters by constructing a simple time-dependent regressor for estimating the time-varying parameters of the control with a single perturbation. This work is a step forward into the understanding of the neuro-mechanical control parameters of human recovering from a fall. In previous literature, the analysis is either restricted to the first vibrational mode of an inverted-pendulum model or assumed to be time-invariant. The proposed method allows for the analysis of hip related movement for stability control and highlights the importance of core training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on modeling the neuro-mechanics of human balance and recovery from a fall using a continuous-time approach. It does not involve an exergame intervention, nor does it report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Chander, H., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    The Walls Are Closing In: Postural Responses to a Virtual Reality Claustrophobic Simulation.
[Journal]  CLINICAL AND TRANSLATIONAL NEUROSCIENCE 6(2).
[Abstract] Background: Changes in the visual environment and thereby, the spatial orientation, can induce postural instability leading to falls. Virtual reality (VR) has been used to expose individuals to virtual environments (VE) that increase postural threats. Claustrophobia is an anxiety disorder categorized under situational phobias and can induce such postural threats in a VE. Purpose: The purpose of the study was to investigate if VR-generated claustrophobic simulation has any impact on postural threats that might lead to postural instability. Methods: Thirty healthy men and women (age: 20.7 +/- 1.2 years; height: 166.5 +/- 7.3 cm; mass: 71.7 +/- 16.2 kg) were tested for postural stability while standing on a force platform, upon exposure to five different testing trials, including a normal stance (NoVR), in stationary VE (VR), and three consecutive, randomly initiated, unexpected claustrophobia trials (VR CP1, VR CP2, VR CP3). The claustrophobia trials involved all four walls closing in towards the center of the room. Center of pressure (COP)-derived postural sway variables were analyzed with a one-way repeated measures analysis of variance at an alpha level of 0.05. Results: Significant main effect differences existed in all but one dependent COP-derived postural sway variables, at p < 0.05. Post-hoc pairwise comparisons with a Bonferroni correction revealed that, predominantly, postural sway excursions were significantly lower in claustrophobia trials compared to NoVR and VR, but only accomplished with significantly increased sway velocity. Conclusion: The VR CP trials induced lower postural sway magnitude, but with increased velocity, suggesting a bracing and co-contraction strategy when exposed to virtual claustrophobic postural threats. Additionally, postural sway decreased with subsequent claustrophobia trials, suggesting potential motor learning effects. Findings from the study offer insights to postural control behavior under virtual claustrophobic simulations and can aid in VR exposure therapy for claustrophobia.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the postural responses of young, healthy adults (mean age 20.7 years) to a virtual reality claustrophobic simulation. It does not target older people, and it is not an exergame intervention. The study aims to investigate postural threats and stability in a virtual environment, but it does not report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Chang, B. C., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Using an Ensemble of Segmentation Methods to Detect Vertebral Bodies on Radiographs.
[Journal]  AMERICAN JOURNAL OF NEURORADIOLOGY 45(10): 1512-1520.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Vertebral compression fractures may indicate osteoporosis but are underdiagnosed and underreported by radiologists. We have developed an ensemble of vertebral body (VB) segmentation models for lateral radiographs as a critical component of an automated, opportunistic screening tool. Our goal is to detect the approximate location of thoracic and lumbar VBs, including fractured vertebra, on lateral radiographs. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The Osteoporotic Fractures in Men Study (MrOS) data set includes spine radiographs of 5994 men aged ?65?years from 6 clinical centers. Two segmentation models, U-Net and Mask-RCNN (Region-based Convolutional Neural Network), were independently trained on the MrOS data set retrospectively, and an ensemble was created by combining them. Primary performance metrics for VB detection success included precision, recall, and F1 score for object detection on a held-out test set. Intersection over union (IoU) and Dice coefficient were also calculated as secondary metrics of performance for the test set. A separate external data set from a quaternary health care enterprise was acquired to test generalizability, comprising diagnostic clinical radiographs from men and women aged ?65?years. RESULTS: The trained models achieved F1 score of U-Net = 83.42%, Mask-RCNN = 86.30%, and ensemble = 88.34% in detecting all VBs, and F1 score of U-Net = 87.88%, Mask-RCNN = 92.31%, and ensemble = 97.14% in detecting severely fractured vertebrae. The trained models achieved an average IoU per VB of 0.759 for U-Net and 0.709 for Mask-RCNN. The trained models achieved F1 score of U-Net = 81.11%, Mask-RCNN = 79.24%, and ensemble = 87.72% in detecting all VBs in the external data set. CONCLUSIONS: An ensemble model combining predictions from U-Net and Mask-RCNN resulted in the best performance in detecting VBs on lateral radiographs and generalized well to an external data set. This model could be a key component of a pipeline to detect fractures on all vertebrae in a radiograph in an automated, opportunistic screening tool under development.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing an ensemble of vertebral body segmentation models for lateral radiographs to detect vertebral compression fractures, which is not related to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study does not mention any exergame interventions or randomized controlled trials focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Chang, C.-H., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    A novel smart somatosensory wearable assistive device for older adults' home rehabilitation during the COVID-19 pandemic.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PUBLIC HEALTH 11.
[Abstract] Background: Due to the Coronavirus disease 19 (COVID-19) related social distancing measures and health service suspension, physical activity has declined, leading to increased falling risk and disability, and consequently, compromising the older adult health. How to improve the quality of older adult life has become a crucial social issue.Objective In traditional rehabilitation, manual and repetitive muscle training cannot identify the patient's rehabilitation effect, and increasing the willingness to use it is not easy. Therefore, based on the usability perspective, this study aims to develop a novel smart somatosensory wearable assistive device (called SSWAD) combined with wireless surface electromyography (sEMG) and exergame software and hardware technology. The older adult can do knee extension, ankle dorsiflexion, and ankle plantar flexion rehabilitation exercises at home. Meanwhile, sEMG values can be digitally recorded to assist physicians (or professionals) in judgment, treatment, or diagnosis.Methods: To explore whether the novel SSWAD could improve the older adult willingness to use and motivation for home rehabilitation, 25 frail older adult (12 males and 13 females with an average age of 69.3) perform the rehabilitation program with the SSWAD, followed by completing the system usability scale (SUS) questionnaire and the semi-structured interview for the quantitative and qualitative analyses. In addition, we further investigate whether the factor of gender or prior rehabilitation experience would affect the home rehabilitation willingness or not.Results: According to the overall SUS score, the novel SSWAD has good overall usability performance (77.70), meaning that the SSWAD makes older adult feel interested and improves their willingness for continuous rehabilitation at home. In addition, the individual item scores of SUS are shown that female older adult with prior rehabilitation experience perform better in "Learnability" (t = 2.35, p = 0.03) and "Confidence" (t = -3.24, p = 0.01). On the contrary, male older adult without rehabilitation experience are more willing to adopt new technologies (t = -2.73, p = 0.02), and perform better in "Learnability" (t = 2.18, p = 0.04) and "Confidence" (t = -3.75, p < 0.001) with the SSWAD. In addition, the result of the semi-structured interview shows that the operation of the SSWAD is highly flexible, thus reducing older adult burden during the rehabilitation exercise and using them long-term.Conclusion: This novel SSWAD receives consistently positive feedback regardless of the gender or prior rehabilitation experience of elders. The SSWAD could be used as a novel way of home rehabilitation for elders, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic. Older adult can do rehabilitation exercises at home, and physicians could make proper judgments or adjust suitable treatments online according to the sEMG data, which older adult can know their rehabilitation progress at the same time. Most importantly, older adult do not have to go to the hospital every time for rehabilitation, which significantly reduces time and the risk of infection.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the development and evaluation of a smart somatosensory wearable assistive device (SSWAD) that includes exergame technology for home rehabilitation in older adults. However, it does not specifically focus on using exergames to prevent falls. The primary aim is to improve the willingness and motivation of older adults to perform home rehabilitation exercises, and the study design is not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper does not meet the requirements.

[Author]   Chang, C.-J., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Cortical Modulation of Motor Control Biofeedback among the Elderly with High Fall Risk during a Posture Perturbation Task with Augmented Reality.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 8.
[Abstract] The cerebral cortex provides sensorimotor integration and coordination during motor control of daily functional activities. Power spectrum density based on electroencephalography (EEG) has been employed as an approach that allows an investigation of the spatial-temporal characteristics of neuromuscular modulation; however, the biofeedback mechanism associated with cortical activation during motor control remains unclear among elderly individuals. Thirty one community-dwelling elderly participants were divided into low fall-risk potential (LF) and high fall-risk potential (HF) groups based upon the results obtained from a receiver operating characteristic analysis of the ellipse area of the center of pressure. Electroencephalography (EEG) was performed while the participants stood on a 6-degree-of-freedom Stewart platform, which generated continuous perturbations and done either with or without the virtual reality scene. The present study showed that when there was visual stimulation and poor somatosensory coordination, a higher level of cortical response was activated in order to keep postural balance. The elderly participants in the LF group demonstrated a significant and strong correlation between postural-related cortical regions; however, the elderly individuals in the HF group did not show such a relationship. Moreover, we were able to clarify the roles of various brainwave bands functioning in motor control. Specifically, the gamma and beta bands in the parietal-occipital region facilitate the high-level cortical modulation and sensorimotor integration, whereas the theta band in the frontal-central region is responsible for mediating error detection during perceptual motor tasks. Finally, the alpha band is associated with processing visual challenges in the occipital lobe. With a variety of motor control demands, increment in brainwave band coordination is required to maintain postural stability. These investigations shed light on the cortical modulation of motor control among elderly participants with varying fall-risk potentials. The results suggest that, although elderly adults may be without neurological deficits, inefficient central modulation during challenging postural conditions could be an internal factor that contributes to the risk of fall. Furthermore, training that helps to improve coordinated sensorimotor integration may be a useful approach to reduce the risk of fall among elderly populations or when patients suffer from neurological deficits.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study involves elderly participants and uses a virtual reality scene, it is primarily focused on investigating the cortical modulation of motor control during a posture perturbation task. The intervention is not an exergame, and the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls. Instead, it focuses on understanding the neural mechanisms and differences between low and high fall-risk groups.

[Author]   Chang, C.-W., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Reciprocal Relationships Between Problematic Social Media Use, Problematic Gaming, and Psychological Distress Among University Students: A 9-Month Longitudinal Study.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PUBLIC HEALTH 10.
[Abstract] BackgroundThe causal relationships between two specific types of problematic use in internet-related activities [i.e., problematic social media use (PSMU) and problematic gaming (PG)] and psychological distress remain controversial. The present study investigated the temporal relationships between PSMU, PG, and psychological distress (i.e., anxiety, depression) in university students. MethodsHong Kong and Taiwan university students [N = 645; n(male) = 266; mean = 20.95 years (SD = 5.63)] were recruited for a survey study, with follow-ups at 3, 6, and 9 months after baseline assessment. The Bergen Social Media Addiction Scale, Internet Gaming Disorder Scale-Short Form, and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale were used to assess studied variables. Demographics including age, physical characteristics (i.e., height, weight, and body mass index), and cigarette use were compared between participants who completed all the follow-ups and those who dropped out. Random intercept cross-lagged models were constructed to understand the reciprocal relationships between PSMU, PG, and psychological distress. ResultsNo significant differences were found in age, physical characteristics, and cigarette use between participants who completed all the follow-ups and those who dropped out. Findings indicated that a high level of PSMU significantly increased the level of anxiety and a high level of anxiety significantly increased the level of PSMU. A high level of PSMU significantly increased the level of depression but the level of depression did not significantly affect the level of PSMU. A high level of PG significantly increased the level of anxiety, but the level of anxiety did not significantly affect the level of PG. A high level of depression significantly increased the level of PG, but the level of depression did not significantly affect the level of PG. ConclusionThe patterns of the causal relationship between PIU and psychological distress variables differ. A reciprocal relationship was only found between the level of PSMU and the level of anxiety. Moreover, the longitudinal design found no differences in the waves in terms of gaming by the participants.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the relationships between problematic social media use, problematic gaming, and psychological distress among university students. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are university students, not older people, and the focus is on problematic internet use and psychological distress, not on exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Chang, H., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of Augmented Reality for Lower Limb Rehabilitation: A Systematic Review.
[Journal]  APPLIED BIONICS AND BIOMECHANICS 2022.
[Abstract] Augmented reality- (AR-) based interventions have shown potential benefits for lower limb rehabilitation. However, current literature has not revealed these benefits as a whole. The main purposes of this systematic review were to determine the efficacy of AR-based interventions on lower limb recovery of the larger population based on the current process that has been made in this regard. Relevant studies were retrieved from five electronic databases (Web of Science, PubMed, ScienceDirect, Scopus, and Cochrane Library) using "augmented reality" OR "AR" AND "lower limb" OR "lower extremity" AND "intervention" OR "treatment". Sixteen studies that met the eligibility criteria were included in this review, and they were further grouped into three categories based on the participant types. Seven studies focused on the elderly adults, six on the stroke patients, and the last three on Parkinson patients. Based on the findings of these trials, the significant effects of AR-based interventions on lower limb rehabilitation (i.e., balance, gait, muscle, physical performance, and fall efficacy) have been initially confirmed. Favorable results were achieved at least the same as the interventions without AR except for the turning and timing in the freezing of gait of Parkinson patients. However, given the infancy of this technology in clinical practices, more robust trials with larger sample sizes and greater homogeneity in terms of devices and treatment settings are warranted for further verification.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, and it does not meet the criteria for being a randomized controlled trial with original data. Additionally, while some of the studies included in the review target elderly adults and discuss fall efficacy, the overall focus is on lower limb rehabilitation using augmented reality, not specifically on preventing falls in the elderly through exergames.

[Author]   Chang, H.-W. and G.-H. Wu (2024). 
[Title]    Feasibility and effect of cognitive-based board game and multi-component exercise interventions on older adults with dementia.
[Journal]  MEDICINE 103(26).
[Abstract] Background:Taiwan is an aging society, and the number of people with dementia is rapidly increasing. Due to a decline in cognitive and physical function, older adults with dementia not only gradually lose the ability to complete daily living tasks on their own, but are also at a higher risk of falls and injurious falls. It is important to develop interventions that combine cognitive and exercise training for older adults with dementia to promote or maintain their cognitive and physical functions and reduce their risk of falls. This study aimed to investigate the feasibility and effect of cognitive-based board games and multi-component exercise interventions on cognitive function, physical fitness, and fall risk in older adults with dementia.Methods:This was a quasi-experimental study with a single-group pretest and post-test design. The study participants were 41 community-dwelling older adults with mild to moderate dementia. They received cognitive-based board games and multi-component exercise interventions once a week for 12 weeks. The interventions included 1 hour of exercise training and 1 hour of cognitive training. Scores for the Taiwan version of the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA-T), physical fitness, and the St. Thomas Risk Assessment Tool for Falling Elderly Inpatients (STRATIFY) were measured as outcome indicators at baseline and after the 12-week period.Results:The overall MoCA-T score increased significantly (effect size = 0.402), with participants with mild dementia showing a greater increase (effect size = 0.522) than those with moderate dementia (effect size = 0.310). Participants' physical fitness performance improved. Female participants exhibited significant improvements in the 30-second chair stand test (effect size = 0.483) and 8-foot up-and-go test (effect size = 0.437). The fall risk score decreased by 0.05 points, the change was not significant.Conclusion:The cognitive-based board game and multi-component exercise interventions used in this study are beneficial for improving cognitive function and physical fitness in older adults with dementia. These interventions are feasible and suitable for promotion among community-dwelling and institution-dwelling older adults with mild cognitive impairment or dementia to delay the decline in cognitive and physical function.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention in this study includes cognitive-based board games and multi-component exercise, but it is not specifically an exergame (e.g., virtual reality, video games, or electronic games). Additionally, the study design is a quasi-experimental study with a single-group pretest and post-test, rather than a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Chang, Y.-C., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Aerobic-synergized exercises may improve fall-related physical fitness in older adults.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SPORTS MEDICINE AND PHYSICAL FITNESS 57(5): 660-669.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: The purpose of the present study was to determine whether a synergistic exercise model based on aerobics with additional fall-preventive components could provide extra benefits compared with the same duration of aerobic-synergistic exercise alone.METHODS: A total of 102 adults aged 65 years and over from three geographically separated communities were assigned to three groups: the general aerobic exercise (GAE) group (N.=44), the GAE plus ball game group (BG group; N.=30) and the GAE plus square-stepping exercise group (SSE group; N.=28). Each group participated in one hour of exercise intervention and two hours of leisure activities twice weekly for 12 weeks. Each exercise session consisted of one hour of combined exercises performed in the following order: 10 minutes of warm-up activities, 20 minutes of aerobics, 20 minutes of the respective exercise model, and 10 minutes of cool-down activities. Functional fitness tests, including aerobic endurance, leg strength, flexibility, reaction time, static balance and mobility, were measured before and after the intervention. Paired t-tests and mixed model analyses were conducted to compare the differences in each measurement within and among the groups.RESULTS: All of the groups exhibited significantly positive effects (P<0.05), including improvements in aerobic endurance, leg muscle strength, static balance, and mobility, after the intervention. There were no significant differences in these improvements in the other two groups compared with group GAE. However, group BG and group SSE showed significantly greater improvements in mobility compared with group GAE (P<0.05).CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that a combination of aerobics and selected fall-prevention exercises performed over a consistent period may improve mobility without compromising the fundamental benefits of aerobics. Future studies using randomized control trials with recorded fall events and a longer period of follow-up are indicated to validate the effects of fall prevention exercises.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the intervention targets older adults and includes exercises that may help with fall prevention, the exercises described (aerobics, ball game, and square-stepping) are not classified as exergames. Additionally, the study design is a controlled trial, but it is not a randomized controlled trial (RCT) as specified in the criteria. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Chang, Y.-W., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Validation and reliability of Falls Risk for Hospitalized Older People (FRHOP): Taiwan version.
[Journal]  MEDICINE 96(31).
[Abstract] A comprehensive fall risk assessment can provide information for effective prevention and intervention measures and reduce falls among hospitalized elderly people. The purpose of this study was to develop a Chinese version of an inpatient fall risk assessment tool and evaluate its validity and reliability.This study employed the Falls Risk for Hospitalised Older People (FRHOP) assessment to construct a FRHOP-Taiwan Version (Tw-FRHOP) through forward, synthesized, and backward translation. A face validation was conducted by 5 clinical nurses and a content validation was conducted by 5 specialists using the content validity index (CVI) to validate the proposed model. Thirty hospitalized older adults in an internal care unit were selected for an interrater reliability assessment, conducted separately by specialists in 4 disciplines (i.e., nurses, physicians, occupational therapists, and physiotherapists) by using Cohen kappa statistic and intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs). Specifically, the assessment rating developed in the Tw-FRHOP was compared with the Morse Fall Scale (MFS), St. Thomas Risk Assessment Tool in Falling Elderly Inpatients (STRATIFY), and the Hendrich II Fall Risk Model (HIIFRM) for criterion validation.According to the analysis results, the CVI was 0.94, and the indexes of criterion-related validity for the FRHOP-Taiwan Version, MFS, STRATIFY, and HIIFRM were 0.49, 0.63, and 0.54 (all P<.001), respectively. In addition, after interrater reliability testing was conducted, the results indicated that the index of response consistency in each discipline was 86.7% to 100%, and the values of Cohen kappa were 0.651 to 1.000. The ICCs of the discipline-related subscale were 0.97 to 1.00.The Tw-FRHOP is a multidisciplinary comprehensive fall risk assessment that can serve as a satisfactorily valid and reliable reference tool for medical personnel with full professional training, as well as inpatient fall prevention interventions for multidisciplinary teams in hospitals.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the validation and reliability of a fall risk assessment tool (FRHOP-Taiwan Version) for hospitalized older people. It does not involve the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on developing and validating a tool, rather than conducting a randomized controlled trial with an exergame intervention.

[Author]   Chao, Y.-Y., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Physical and Psychosocial Effects of Wii Fit Exergames Use in Assisted Living Residents: A Pilot Study.
[Journal]  CLINICAL NURSING RESEARCH 24(6): 589-603.
[Abstract] The purpose of this study was to investigate the physical and psychosocial effects of the Wii Fit exergames incorporating self-efficacy theory on assisted living residents. The study was a quasi-experimental pre/post-test design. Thirty-two participants were recruited from two assisted living facilities. Sixteen participants received the Wii Fit exergames incorporating self-efficacy theory twice a week for 4 weeks. The other participants received a health education program. Physical function, fear of falling, depression, and quality of life were evaluated. T tests were used for data analysis. After the 4-week intervention, the Wii Fit group showed significant improvements in balance (p < .01), mobility (p < .01), and depression (p < .05). The education group showed no significant improvement in any of the outcomes. Integrating concepts of self-efficacy theory with the exergames show promise as a potential tool to improve and maintain physical and psychosocial health for older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Reasoning: While the paper does involve older people and an exergame (Wii Fit), it is not a randomized controlled trial. The study design is described as a quasi-experimental pre/post-test design, which does not meet the criteria for a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, based on the given criteria, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Chatel, B. D. L., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Social Gaming to Decrease Loneliness in Older Adults: Recruitment Challenges and Attrition Analysis in a Digital Mixed Methods Feasibility Study.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 12.
[Abstract] Background: Digital mental health interventions could sustainably and scalably prevent and reduce loneliness in older adults.We designed an app containing 29 text-based games and a questionnaire-administering chatbot to stimulate intergenerationalcontact. Objective: This study aims to evaluate the feasibility of a social gaming app in reducing loneliness among older adults byevaluating recruitment strategies, data collection procedures, and gameplay activity. Methods: This mixed methods study recruited participants via newsletters, articles, and a social media campaign. We usedsemistructured interviews and descriptive analysis of questionnaire answers and game data to assess feasibility. Key measuresincluded recruitment reach and efficiency, participant demographics, in-app activity, and app usability and engagement feedback. Results: The social media campaign reached 192,641 potential participants, resulting in 1363 game downloads. A total of 155participants (aged 65 years and older: n=34, 21.9% and aged less than 65 years: n=121, 78.1%) provided informed consent,yielding a conversion rate of 0.08%. The recruitment campaign focusing on distanced playful interaction had a significantly(P<.001) higher click-through rate (1.98%) than a campaign focusing on research participation (click-through rate=0.51%;P<.001). The overall conversion rate from advertisement exposure to research participation was 0.08%. Participants had a meanage of 48 (SD 16) years. The 65 years and older group averaged 70 (SD 5) years, while the less 65 years group averaged 42 (SD12) years. Additionally, 45.2% (57/126) reported at least moderate levels of loneliness at baseline. Of the initial 554 players, 91(16.4%) remained active after the first week, and 32 (5.8%) remained active for more than 90 days. Active participants tendedto interact with those within their own age group, as indicated by a Pearson correlation of r=0.31 between the ages of the messagesender and receiver. Interviews with 12 (48%) participants (aged 65-79 years; female: n=12, 83%) revealed barriers such asexcessive chatbot questions and a mismatch between the target group and app design focus. Questionnaire completion ratesdropped from 46% at baseline to 10% at follow-up. Conclusions: These findings underscore the challenges of recruitment and retention for older adults in a fully digital socialgaming intervention. Effective recruitment strategies and targeted app design are crucial for engagement. Based on these insights uture interventions should focus on simplified interfaces, clear guidance for gameplay, and addressing the specific needs andpreferences of older adults, thereby enhancing the effectiveness of digital mental health interventions
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the abstract is a social gaming app designed to reduce loneliness in older adults, and it does not involve exergames or any physical activity aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the study is a feasibility study, which does not meet the criteria for randomized controlled trials with reported results.

[Author]   Checcucci, E., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    ESRU-ESU-YAU_UROTECH Survey on Urology Residents Surgical Training: Are We Ready for Simulation and a Standardized Program?
[Journal]  EUROPEAN UROLOGY OPEN SCIENCE 61: 18-28.
[Abstract] Background: Currently, the landscape of surgical training is undergoing rapid evolution, marked by the initial implementation of standardized surgical training programs, which are further facilitated by the emergence of new technologies. However, this proliferation is uneven across various countries and hospitals. Objective: To offer a comprehensive overview of the existing surgical training programs throughout Europe, with a specific focus on the accessibility of simulation resources and standardized surgical programs. Design, setting, and participants: A dedicated survey was designed and spread in May 2022 via the European Association of Urology (EAU) mail list, to Young Urologist Office (YUO), Junior membership, European Urology Residents Education Program participants between 2014 and 2022, and other urologists under 40 yr, and via the EAU Newsletter. Intervention: A 64-item, online-based survey in accordance with the Checklist for Reporting Results of Internet E-Surveys (CHERRIES) using the platform of Survey Monkey (Portland, OR, USA) was realized. Outcome measurements and statistical analysis: The study involved an assessment of the demographic characteristics. Additionally, it explored the type of center, availability of various surgical approaches, presence of training infrastructure, participation in courses, organization of training, and participants' satisfaction with the training program. The level of satisfaction was evaluated using a Likert-5 scale. The subsequent sections delved into surgical training within the realms of open, laparoscopic, robotic, and endoscopic surgery, each explored separately. Finally, the investigation encompassed the presence of a structured training course and the availability of a duly validated final evaluation process. Results and limitations: There were 375 responders with a completion rate of 82%. Among them, 75% were identified as male, 50.6% were young urologists, 31.7% were senior residents, and 17.6% were junior residents. A significant majority of participants (69.6%) were affiliated with academic centers. Regarding the presence of dry lab training facilities, only 50.3% of respondents indicated its availability. Among these centers, 46.7% were primarily focused on laparoscopy training. The availability of virtual and wet lab training centers was even more limited, with rates of 31.5% and 16.2%, respectively. Direct patient involvement was reported in 80.5% of cases for open surgery, 58.8% for laparoscopy, 25.0% for robotics, and 78.6% for endourology. It is worth noting that in <25% of instances, training followed a well-defined standardized program comprising both preclinical and clinical modular phases. Finally, the analysis of participant feedback showed that 49.7% of respondents expressed a satisfaction rating of either 4 or 5 points with respect to the training program. The limitations of our study include the low response rate, predominance of participants from academic centers, and absence of responses from individuals not affiliated with the EAU network. Conclusions: The current distribution of surgical training centers falls short of ensuring widespread access to standardized training programs. Although dry lab facilities are relatively well spread, the availability of wet lab resources remains restricted. Additionally, it appears that many trainees' initial exposure to surgery occurs directly with patients. There is a pressing need for continued endeavors to establish uniform training routes and assessment techniques across various surgical methodologies.Patient summary: Nowadays, the surgical training landscape is heterogeneous across different countries. The implementation of a standardized training methodology to enhance the overall quality of surgical training and thereby improving patient outcomes is needed. (c) 2024 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of European Association of Urology. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the surgical training of urology residents, focusing on the availability and accessibility of simulation resources and standardized surgical programs. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any interventions aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The study is based on a survey rather than a randomized controlled trial, and it does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Chen, B., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Application of radiomics model based on lumbar computed tomography in diagnosis of elderly osteoporosis.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ORTHOPAEDIC RESEARCH 42(6): 1356-1368.
[Abstract] A metabolic bone disease characterized by decreased bone formation and increased bone resorption is osteoporosis. It can cause pain and fracture of patients. The elderly are prone to osteoporosis and are more vulnerable to osteoporosis. In this study, radiomics are extracted from computed tomography (CT) images to screen osteoporosis in the elderly. Collect the plain scan CT images of lumbar spine, cut the region of interest of the image and extract radiomics features, use Lasso regression to screen variables and adjust complexity, use python language to model random forests, support vector machines, K nearest neighbor, and finally use receiver operating characteristic curve to evaluate the performance of the model, including precision, recall, accuracy and area under the curve (AUC). For the model, 14 radiolomics features were selected. The diagnosis performance of random forest model and support vector machine is good, all around 0.9. The AUC of K nearest neighbor model in training set and test set is 0.828 and 0.796, respectively. We selected the plain scan CT images of the elderly lumbar spine to build radiomics features model, which has good diagnostic performance and can be used as a tool to assist the diagnosis of osteoporosis in the elderly.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the application of a radiomics model based on lumbar computed tomography for the diagnosis of osteoporosis in the elderly. It does not involve exergames or any form of exercise intervention, and it is not focused on preventing falls. The study uses imaging and machine learning techniques to diagnose osteoporosis, which is different from the criteria specified for exergames and fall prevention.

[Author]   Chen, J. and C. Or (2017). 
[Title]    Assessing the use of immersive virtual reality, mouse and touchscreen in pointing and dragging-and-dropping tasks among young, middle-aged and older adults.
[Journal]  APPLIED ERGONOMICS 65: 437-448.
[Abstract] This study assessed the use of an immersive virtual reality (VR), a mouse and a touchscreen for one directional pointing, multi-directional pointing, and dragging-and-dropping tasks involving targets of smaller and larger widths by young (n = 18; 18-30 years), middle-aged (n = 18; 40-55 years) and older adults (n = 18; 65-75 years). A three-way, mixed-factorial design was used for data collection. The dependent variables were the movement time required and the error rate. Our main findings were that the participants took more time and made more errors in using the VR input interface than in using the mouse or the touchscreen. This pattern applied in all three age groups in all tasks, except for multidirectional pointing with a larger target width among the older group. Overall, older adults took longer to complete the tasks and made more errors than young or middle-aged adults. Larger target widths yielded shorter movement times and lower error rates in pointing tasks, but larger targets yielded higher rates of error in dragging-and-dropping tasks. Our study indicated that any other virtual environments that are similar to those we tested may be more suitable for displaying scenes than for manipulating objects that are small and require fine control. Although interacting with VR is relatively difficult, especially for older adults, there is still potential for older adults to adapt to that interface. Furthermore, adjusting the width of objects according to the type of manipulation required might be an effective way to promote performance. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it includes older adults and uses immersive virtual reality, the focus is on assessing the performance of different input interfaces (VR, mouse, and touchscreen) in pointing and dragging-and-dropping tasks. The study is not specifically about an exergame intervention, and it does not report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Chen, K., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Home-Based Versus Laboratory-Based Robotic Ankle Training for Children With Cerebral Palsy: A Pilot Randomized Comparative Trial.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE AND REHABILITATION 97(8): 1237-1243.
[Abstract] Objective: To examine the outcomes of home-based robot-guided therapy and compare it to laboratory-based robot-guided therapy for the treatment of impaired ankles in children with cerebral palsy.Design: A randomized comparative trial design comparing a home-based training group and a laboratory-based training group.Setting: Home versus laboratory within a research hospital.Participants: Children (N=41) with cerebral palsy who were at Gross Motor Function Classification System level I, II, or III were randomly assigned to 2 groups. Children in home-based and laboratory-based groups were 8.7 +/- 2.8 (n=23) and 10.7 +/- 6.0 (n=18) years old, respectively.Interventions: Six-week combined passive stretching and active movement intervention of impaired ankle in a laboratory or home environment using a portable rehabilitation robot.Main Outcome Measures: Active dorsiflexion range of motion (as the primary outcome), mobility (6-minute walk test and timed Up and Go test), balance (Pediatric Balance Scale), Selective Motor Control Assessment of the Lower Extremity, Modified Ashworth Scale (MAS) for spasticity, passive range of motion (PROM), strength, and joint stiffness.Results: Significant improvements were found for the home-based group in all biomechanical outcome measures except for PROM and all clinical outcome measures except the MAS. The laboratory-based group also showed significant improvements in all the biomechanical outcome measures and all clinical outcome measures except the MAS. There were no significant differences in the outcome measures between the 2 groups.Conclusions: These findings suggest that the translation of repetitive, goal-directed, biofeedback training through motivating games from the laboratory to the home environment is feasible. The benefits of home-based robot-guided therapy were similar to those of laboratory-based robot-guided therapy. (C) 2016 by the American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets children with cerebral palsy, and the focus is on robotic ankle training rather than exergames. Additionally, the study does not specifically address fall prevention.

[Author]   Chen, M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Design and Evaluation of an Augmented Reality-Based Exergame System to Reduce Fall Risk in the Elderly.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 17(19).
[Abstract] Falls are a major public health concern in today's aging society. Virtual reality (VR) technology is a promising method for reducing fall risk. However, the absence of representations of the user's body in a VR environment lessens the spatial sense of presence. In terms of user experience, augmented reality (AR) can provide a higher degree of presence and embodiment than VR. We developed an AR-based exergame system that is specifically designed for the elderly to reduce fall risk. Kinect2.0 was used to capture and generate 3D models of the elderly and immerse them in an interactive virtual environment. The software included three functional modules: fall risk assessment, cognitive-motor intervention (CMI) training, and training feedback. The User Experience Questionnaire (UEQ-S) was used to evaluate user experience. Twenty-five elders were enrolled in the study. It was shown that the average scores for each aspect were: pragmatic quality score (1.652 +/- 0.868); hedonic quality score (1.880 +/- 0.962); and overall score was 1.776 +/- 0.819. The overall score was higher than 0.8, which means that the system exhibited a positive user experience. After comparing the average score in a dataset product of UEQ-S Data Analysis Tool, it was found that the pragmatic quality aspect was categorized as good, while the hedonic quality aspect was categorized as excellent. It revealed a positive evaluation from users.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract describes the design and evaluation of an AR-based exergame system aimed at reducing fall risk in the elderly. However, it does not mention a randomized controlled trial (RCT) or report results from such a trial. The study focuses on user experience and feedback, which is more aligned with a feasibility analysis. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly in the context of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Chen, P.-J., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Augmented reality-assisted training with selected Tai-Chi movements improves balance control and increases lower limb muscle strength in older adults: A prospective randomized trial.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF EXERCISE SCIENCE & FITNESS 18(3): 142-147.
[Abstract] Background/Objective: Tai-Chi benefits older adults by enhancing balance control and increasing the muscle strength of the lower limbs. However, a complete set of traditional Tai-Chi exercises is sometimes too difficult for beginners. We investigated whether practicing augmented reality-assisted training with selected Tai-Chi movements tailored to the practitioner's ability (selected Tai-Chi, or sTC) is as effective as performing a complete set of Tai-Chi sequences (complete traditional Tai-Chi, or tTC).Methods: In this prospective randomized trial carried out in the Beitou District of Taipei City, Taiwan, community-dwelling adults aged >= 65 and without any debilitating diseases (n = 28) were included. Participants were randomly assigned to the sTC group (n = 14) or the tTC group (n = 14). Participants in the sTC group practiced selected Tai-Chi movements using the augmented reality Tai-Chi training system. Participants of the tTC group were asked to complete the 24-form Yang-style Tai-Chi following the instructions of Tai-Chi masters. Each training session lasted 30 min, with 3 sessions per week for 8 weeks. Pre- and post-intervention evaluations included functional balance tests, comprising the Berg Balance Scale (BBS), Timed Up and Go test (TUG), and Functional Reach Test (FRT), as well as muscle strength measurements of the lower extremities.Results: Pre-intervention evaluations showed significant differences in FRT (p = 0.034) and left hip abductor muscle strength (p = 0.046) between the sTC and tTC groups. After 8 weeks of training, the BBS, TUG, and FRT scores in the sTC group showed significant improvement overall. Although all three functional balance test scores improved in the tTC group, only the improvement in BBS was statistically significant (p = 0.001). After 8 weeks, all muscle strength measurements increased by an average of 3.1 +/- 1.0 kgw in the sTC group and 1.6 +/- 0.8 kgw in the tTC group.Conclusions: The augmented reality-assisted training with selected Tai-Chi movements, designed based on objective measurements of the practitioner's capability, improved balance control and muscle strength of lower limbs at least as effectively as the complete sequence of traditional Tai-Chi exercises. Trial registration: This study was approved by the Institutional Review Board of National Yang-Ming University (IRB number: 1000087). Written informed consent was obtained from all participants. (c) 2020 The Society of Chinese Scholars on Exercise Physiology and Fitness. Published by Elsevier (Singapore) Pte Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation: Although the paper involves an intervention (augmented reality-assisted training with selected Tai-Chi movements) targeting older adults and reports the results of a randomized controlled trial, the intervention is not an exergame. The use of augmented reality in this context is to assist in the performance of Tai-Chi movements, rather than to create an exergame. Exergames typically involve more interactive and game-like elements, such as virtual reality environments, video games, or electronic games designed for exercise. Therefore, the criteria for the intervention being an exergame are not met.

[Author]   Chen, S.-C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Feasibility and effect of interactive telerehabilitation on balance in individuals with chronic stroke: a pilot study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 18(1).
[Abstract] Background: Stroke survivors need continuing exercise intervention to maintain functional status. This study assessed the feasibility and efficacy of an interactive telerehabilitation exergaming system to improve balance in individuals with chronic stroke, compared to conventional one-on-one rehabilitation.Methods: In this prospective case-control pilot study, 30 Taiwanese individuals with chronic stroke were enrolled and randomly allocated to an experimental group and a control group. All participants received intervention 3 times per week for 4 weeks in the study hospital. The experiment group underwent telerehabilitation using a Kinect camera-based interactive telerehabilitation system in an independent room to simulate home environment. In contrast, the control group received conventional one-on-one physiotherapy in a dedicated rehabilitation area. The effectiveness of interactive telerehabilitation in improving balance in stroke survivors was evaluated by comparing outcomes between the two groups. The primary outcome was Berg Balance Scale (BBS) scores. Secondary outcomes were performance of the Timed Up and Go (TUG) test, Modified Falls Efficacy Scale, Motricity Index, and Functional Ambulation Category.Results: Comparison of outcomes between experimental and control groups revealed no significant differences between groups at baseline and post-intervention for all outcome measures. However, BBS scores improved significantly in both groups (control group: p = 0.01, effect size = 0.49; experimental group: p = 0.01, effect size = 0.70). Completion times of TUG tests also improved significantly in the experimental group (p = 0.005, effect size = 0.70).Conclusion: The Kinect camera-based interactive telerehabilitation system demonstrates superior or equal efficacy compared to conventional one-on-one physiotherapy for improving balance in individuals with chronic stroke.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study does involve an exergaming system (interactive telerehabilitation using a Kinect camera-based system) and includes a balance assessment, the target population is individuals with chronic stroke, not specifically older people. Additionally, the primary focus is on improving balance, and the study is a pilot feasibility study rather than a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria specified.

[Author]   Chen, Y., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Computer-Assisted Virtual Surgical Technology Versus Three-Dimensional Printing Technology in Preoperative Planning for Displaced Three and Four-Part Fractures of the Proximal End of the Humerus.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BONE AND JOINT SURGERY-AMERICAN VOLUME 100(22): 1960-1968.
[Abstract] Background: This study aimed to determine the difference between computer-assisted virtual surgical technology and 3dimensional (3D) printing technology in preoperative planning for proximal humeral fractures.Methods: Between February 2009 and October 2015, 131 patients with 3 and 4-part proximal humeral fractures were divided into 3 groups on the basis of the preoperative planning method: conventional (n = 53), virtual surgical (n = 46), and 3D printing (n = 32). Fracture characteristics and intraoperative realization of preoperative planning (reduction shape and implant choices) were evaluated. Postoperative functional outcomes were assessed using the American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons, Constant-Murley, and Short Form-36 (SF-36) scoring systems and shoulder range of motion; postoperative radiographic outcomes were assessed with respect to the loss of the neck-shaft angle (NSA) and loss of humeral head height (HHH).Results: Excellent sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy for fracture characteristics were seen in all 3 groups. The correlations for NSA (p = 0.033) and HHH (p = 0.035) were higher in the virtual surgical group than in the 3D printing group. The lengths of the medial support screws in the actual choices were shorter than those in the preoperative plan for the 3D printing group, but a similar pattern was not seen in the virtual surgical group. Compared with the conventional method, the virtual surgical and 3D printing methods of preoperative planning resulted in shorter operative time, less blood loss, and fewer fluoroscopic images. The functional outcomes in both the 3D printing and virtual surgical groups were better than those in the conventional group. The virtual surgical method was faster than the 3D printing method, as suggested by a shorter time to surgery (2.5 compared with 4.6 days; p < 0.001), a shorter time for preoperative planning (30.4 compared with 262.4 minutes; p < 0.001), and a decreased duration of hospital stay (10.9 compared with 14.6 days; p < 0.001).Conclusions: The clinical outcomes in both the virtual surgical and 3D printing groups were better than those in the conventional group. However, computer-assisted virtual surgical technology is more convenient and efficient, considering the shorter time for preoperative planning. In addition, it has improved correlation with preoperative planning.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on comparing computer-assisted virtual surgical technology and 3D printing technology for preoperative planning in patients with proximal humeral fractures. It does not meet the criteria for targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Chen, Y., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Comparison between the effects of exergame intervention and traditional physical training on improving balance and fall prevention in healthy older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 18(1).
[Abstract] Objective Physical training (PT, e.g., Tai Chi and strength training) has been demonstrated to improve balance control and prevent falls. Recently, exergame intervention (EI) has emerged to prevent falls by enhancing both physical and cognitive functions in older adults. Therefore, we aim to quantitatively assess and compare the effects of PT and EI on the performance of balance control and fall prevention in healthy older adults via meta-analysis. Methods A search strategy based on the PICOS principle was used to find the publication in the databases of PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, and MEDLINE. The quality and risk of bias in the studies were independently assessed by two researchers. Results Twenty studies consisting of 845 participants were included. Results suggested that as compared to PT, EI induced greater improvement in postural control (sway path length, SMD = - 0.66, 95% CI - 0.91 to - 0.41, P < 0.001, I-2 = 0%; sway speed, SMD = - 0.49, 95% CI - 0.71 to - 0.27, P < 0.001, I-2 = 42%) and dynamic balance (SMD = - 0.19, 95% CI - 0.35 to - 0.03, P = 0.02, I-2 = 0%) in healthy older adults. The EI with 90-119 min/week for more than 8-week significantly reduced falls. Subgroup analyses revealed that exergames, which were designed by the two principles of repeatedly performing diversified tasks and gradually increase the difficulty of the task, induced significant effects in improving balance control and falls prevention respectively (P = 0.03, P = 0.009). In addition, intervention that combines EI and PT induced significant improvement in postural control (P = 0.003). Conclusion The exergame intervention, especially the combination of EI and PT, is a promising strategy to improve balance control and reduce falls in healthy older adults. Future studies with rigorous design, larger sample size, and follow-up assessments are needed to further assess the effectiveness of diverse exergame interventions in fall prevention and to quantify the "dose-effect" relationship, as well as the carry-over effect of such intervention, which will ultimately help optimize the rehabilitative strategies to improve balance control and prevent falls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report original data from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Cheng, J. K., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Parental Guidance Advised: Associations Between Parental Television Limits and Health Behaviors Among Obese Children.
[Journal]  ACADEMIC PEDIATRICS 15(2): 204-209.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE: To examine associations between parental limits on TV viewing and child health behaviors.METHODS: We surveyed 816 parents of children 6 to 12 years of age who were participating in a primary care based obesity intervention. The main exposures were parental limits placed on child TV viewing time and TV content. Outcomes included screen-related behaviors, sleep habits, eating routines, and physical activity. We performed bivariate and multivariable analyses to examine independent associations of parental TV viewing rules with our outcomes.RESULTS: In multivariable analyses adjusted for child age, sex, race/ethnicity; parental education and US-born status; income and primary language, children whose parents set limits on TV time were less likely to have a TV in their bedroom (odds ratio [OR] 0.45; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.31, 0.64) or to fall asleep while watching TV (OR 0.47; 95% CI 0.34, 0.67). Children with parental limits spent fewer weekday hours watching TV (-0.38 hours/day; 95% CI -0.54, -0.21), playing video or computer games (-0.15 hours/day; 95% CI -0.25, -0.04), and using the Internet (-0.08 hours/day; 95% CI -0.15, -0.006). In addition, children with limits on TV time were less likely to eat breakfast (OR 0.73; 95% CI 0.53, 0.99) or dinner (OR 0.53; 95% CI 0.39, 0.73) with the TV on, and they slept longer during weeknights: 0.21 hours/day (95% CI 0.05, 0.36). Moreover, children whose parents set rules on TV programming content were also less likely to have a TV in their bedroom (OR 0.37; 95% CI 0.18, 0.79).CONCLUSIONS: The relationship between parental limits on TV viewing and obesogenic child behaviors deserves further investigation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the associations between parental limits on TV viewing and health behaviors among obese children, including screen-related behaviors, sleep habits, eating routines, and physical activity. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or conducting randomized controlled trials with results reported.

[Author]   Cheng, Y. C. and Y. C. Cheng (2019).
[Title]    School-based management for paradigm shift and effectiveness
[Journal]  
[Abstract] 
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The provided title and abstract do not contain any information related to exergames, fall prevention in the elderly, or randomized controlled trials. The title suggests that the paper is about school-based management, which is unrelated to the criteria for using exergames to prevent falls in older people.

[Author]   Cheung, C. H. M., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Daily touchscreen use in infants and toddlers is associated with reduced sleep and delayed sleep onset.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 7.
[Abstract] Traditional screen time (e.g. TV and videogaming) has been linked to sleep problems and poorer developmental outcomes in children. With the advent of portable touchscreen devices, this association may be extending down in age to disrupt the sleep of infants and toddlers, an age when sleep is essential for cognitive development. However, this association has not been demonstrated empirically. This study aims to examine whether frequency of touchscreen use is associated with sleep in infants and toddlers between 6 and 36 months of age. An online survey was administered to 715 parents reporting on child media use (daily exposure to TV and use of touchscreens), sleep patterns (night-time and daytime sleep duration, sleep onset - time to fall asleep, and frequencies of night awakenings). Structural equation models controlling for age, sex, TV exposure and maternal education indicated a significant association between touchscreen use and night-time sleep, daytime sleep and sleep onset. No significant effect was observed for the number of night awakenings. To our knowledge, this is the first report linking the use of touchscreen with sleep problems in infants and toddlers. Future longitudinal studies are needed to clarify the direction of effects and the mechanisms underlying these associations using detailed sleep tracking.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the association between touchscreen use and sleep patterns in infants and toddlers, which does not meet the criteria for the intervention targets, the type of intervention, or the study design specified.

[Author]   Chiarovano, E., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Maintaining balance when looking at a virtual reality three-dimensional display of a field of moving dots or at a virtual reality scene.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN NEUROLOGY 6.
[Abstract] Experimental objective: To provide a safe, simple, relatively inexpensive, fast, accurate way of quantifying balance performance either in isolation, or in the face of challenges provided by 3D high definition moving visual stimuli as well as by the proprioceptive challenge from standing on a foam pad. This method uses the new technology of the Wii balance board to measure postural stability during powerful, realistic visual challenges from immersive virtual reality.Limitations of current techniques: Present computerized methods for measuring postural stability are large, complex, slow, and expensive, and do not allow for testing the response to realistic visual challenges.Protocol: Subjects stand on a 6 cm thick, firm, foam pad on a Wii balance board. They wear a fast, high resolution, low persistence, virtual reality head set (Oculus Rift DK2). This allows displays of varying speed, direction, depth, and complexity to be delivered. The subject experiences a visual illusion of real objects fixed relative to the world, and any of these displays can be perturbed in an unpredictable fashion. A special app (BalanceRite) used the same procedures for analyzing postural analysis as used by the Equitest.Power of the technique: Four simple "proof of concept" experiments demonstrate that this technique matches the gold standard Equitest in terms of the measurement of postural stability but goes beyond the Equitest by measuring stability in the face of visual challenges, which are so powerful that even healthy subjects fall. The response to these challenges presents an opportunity for predicting falls and for rehabilitation of seniors and patients with poor postural stability.Significance for the field: This new method provides a simpler, quicker, cheaper method of measurement than the Equitest. It may provide a new mode of training to prevent falls, by maintaining postural stability in the face of visual and proprioceptive challenges similar to those encountered in life.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a method for measuring postural stability using a Wii balance board and virtual reality, and it mentions the potential for predicting falls and rehabilitation. However, it does not specifically report on a randomized controlled trial (RCT) that uses exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus is more on the development and validation of a new measurement technique rather than an intervention study.

[Author]   Chiarovano, E., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Imbalance: Objective measures versus subjective self-report in clinical practice.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 59: 217-221.
[Abstract] Background: Dizziness and imbalance are very common complaints in clinical practice. One of the challenges is to evaluate the 'real' risk of falls. Two tools are available: the patient's self-report and the measure of the patient's balance. We evaluated the relationship between these methods using the Dizziness Handicap Inventory (DHI) and measures of balance while visual inputs are perturbed with Virtual Reality (VR).Methods: 90 consecutive patients underwent the DHI questionnaire and the balance test. The DHI questionnaire was used to measure the subject's perception of handicap associated with dizziness. The balance test measured the postural sway in several visual conditions: eyes open, eyes closed, and with an unpredictable visual perturbation using VR at several amplitudes of movement.Results: No correlation was found between the DHI score and the balance measurement. The visual perturbations allow us to characterize patients into three groups: one group with a high DHI score who did not fall on the balance test (5.5%), one group with a low DHI score who failed eyes closed on a compliant surface (9.0%), and one group of the remaining patients (85.5%). The correlation between the DHI score and the balance performance became significant on the remaining group of patients.Conclusion: Both subjective self-report and objective measure are important to characterize a patient. The use of VR visual perturbations allowed us to define three important groups of patients. VR visual perturbations provided additional information that helps explain the lack of correlation between DHI and objective test results.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve the use of Virtual Reality (VR) to perturb visual inputs and assess balance, the focus is on evaluating the relationship between subjective self-report (Dizziness Handicap Inventory) and objective measures of balance. The study does not specifically target older people, nor does it describe an intervention aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial, and the primary aim is not to test an exergame intervention.

[Author]   Chiarovano, E., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Balance in Virtual reality: effect of age and Bilateral Vestibular loss.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN NEUROLOGY 8.
[Abstract] Background: Quantitative balance measurement is used in clinical practice to prevent falls. The conditions of the test were limited to eyes open, eyes closed, and sway-referenced vision. We developed a new visual perturbation to challenge balance using virtual reality (VR), measuring postural stability by a Wii Balance Board (WBB).Methods: In this study, we recorded balance performance of 116 healthy subjects and of 10 bilateral vestibular loss patients using VR to assess the effect of age and the effect of total loss of vestibular function. We used several conditions: eyes open (normal visual inputs), eyes closed (no visual inputs), stable visual world (vision referenced), and perturbed visual world (visual perturbation) at different amplitudes of perturbation. Balance under these visual conditions was assessed on the WBB (stable support surface) and on the WBB plus foam rubber (unstable support surface).Results: In healthy subjects, we found that the percentage of falls increased with age and with the amplitude of perturbation for both conditions: WBB or WBB + foam. Moreover, we can define a threshold for falls in each age group as the amplitude of perturbation which induced falls. For bilateral vestibular loss patients, on the WBB + foam, all of them failed with eyes closed and with perturbed visual world even at the minimal amplitude of perturbation. Finally, we observed that stable visual world induced fewer falls than eyes closed whatever the subject's group (healthy or bilateral vestibular loss) and whatever the age decade.Conclusion: VR allowed us to develop a useful new tool with a wide range of visual perturbations. Rather than only two levels of visual condition (eyes open and eyes closed), the VR stimulus can be continuously adjusted to produce a visual perturbation powerful enough to induce falls even in young healthy subjects and which has allowed us to determine a threshold for falls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older people and uses virtual reality (VR) as a tool, the primary focus is on measuring balance performance and the effect of visual perturbations, rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial, and the results are not reported in the context of a fall prevention intervention.

[Author]   Chien, T.-Y., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Effects of multitask training on cognition and motor control in people with schizophrenia spectrum disorders.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 17(6).
[Abstract] Schizophrenia spectrum disorder (SSD) is a disabling mental illness that causes considerable deficits in motor and cognitive functions. The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of combining traditional multitask training (TMT) and video games--a new form of multitask training (video game multitask training VGMT)--on cognition and motor control performance in people with SSD. This was a quasi-experimental, pretest-posttest design study. A total of 25 patients participated in this study voluntarily (13 males and 12 females, average age = 59.61 years, SD- 11.46 years). All participants underwent two stages of training. The first stage involved TMT, and the second stage involved VGMT. Each training stage was 12 weeks long, with sessions twice a week that lasted for 40 minutes. Cognition, upper extremity motor and postural control performance, and functional mobility and subjective balance confidence were measured at three times: before and after the first-stage training and after the second-stage training. The results revealed that TMT and the combination of TMT and VGMT improved SSD patient's cognition, upper extremity motor control, functional mobility and postural control performance. The subjective confidence of balance during the performance of daily activities was also mildly improved. Training with multitasks in the form of video games tended to further improve the outcome measures. Patients with SSD could benefit from regular participation in various forms of multitasking activities. Whether video games training are better than TMT in improving the functional ability of people with SSD needs further investigation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of multitask training, including traditional multitask training (TMT) and video game multitask training (VGMT), on cognition and motor control in people with schizophrenia spectrum disorders. The intervention targets are people with SSD, not specifically older people, and the primary focus is on cognitive and motor function, not fall prevention. Additionally, the study design is a quasi-experimental, pretest-posttest design, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Chindamo, S., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Sleep and new media usage in toddlers.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF PEDIATRICS 178(4): 483-490.
[Abstract] Several studies over the years have demonstrated the association between lack of sleep in children and certain physical, psychological, and behavioral disorders. The aim of this study was to disentangle the association between new screen-based electronic devices and sleep problems in toddlers, adjusting for other covariates already known to be associated with sleep quality. We conducted a cross-sectional study with the aid of a national sample of 1117 toddlers. Parents reported children's sleeping habits such as total sleep time and sleep onset latency, recreational activities, bedtime routines, and temperament. An ordered logistic regression was run to assess the associations between new media exposure and two sleep outcomes (total sleep time and sleep onset latency). Everyday use of a tablet or smartphone raised the odds of a shorter total sleep time (OR 1.95 [1.00-3.79], p<0.05) and a longer sleep onset latency (OR 2.44 [1.26-4.73] p<0.05) irrespective of other factors, such as temperament (restlessness, sociability), or traditional screen exposure (watching TV or playing videogames).Conclusion: New media usage is a factor associated in toddlers with sleeping fewer hours and taking longer to fall asleep, irrespective of other confounding factors.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the association between new screen-based electronic devices and sleep problems in toddlers. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The target population, intervention, and outcomes are unrelated to the specified topic.

[Author]   Chirico, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Exploring the Psychological Nexus of Virtual and Augmented Reality on Physical Activity in Older Adults: A Rapid Review.
[Journal]  BEHAVIORAL SCIENCES 14(1).
[Abstract] With the global population of older adults projected to double to 2.1 billion by 2050, it becomes crucial to promote healthy aging to alleviate the associated disease burden. In this context, technology, particularly virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR), has garnered attention for its potential to augment physical activity in older adults. These immersive technologies offer interactive and enjoyable exercise experiences, making physical activity more appealing. However, the effectiveness of these interventions is not solely attributed to technology itself but is deeply intertwined with psychological processes. This rapid review examines the effectiveness of VR and AR interventions in enhancing physical exercise among healthy older adults while exploring the role of psychological variables, including mood, self-efficacy, and motivation. The results of the study show that technology-enhanced physical activity interventions hold great promise but call attention to the need for a comprehensive understanding of psychological dynamics that will pave the way for more tailored and effective interventions. Future research endeavors should aim to bridge these gaps in knowledge to optimize the impact of technology on healthy aging.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a rapid review, which means it does not include original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the paper discusses the use of virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) to enhance physical activity in older adults, it does not specifically focus on the prevention of falls. The primary emphasis is on the psychological aspects and the effectiveness of these technologies in promoting physical activity. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper does not meet the requirements for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Choi, J., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    DeepBackRib: Deep learning to understand factors associated with readmissions after rib fractures.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF TRAUMA AND ACUTE CARE SURGERY 93(6): 757-761.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND Deep neural networks yield high predictive performance, yet obscure interpretability limits clinical applicability. We aimed to build an explainable deep neural network that elucidates factors associated with readmissions after rib fractures among nonelderly adults, termed DeepBackRib. We hypothesized that DeepBackRib could accurately predict readmissions and a game theoretic approach to elucidate how predictions are made would facilitate model explainability. METHODS We queried the 2017 National Readmissions Database for index hospitalization encounters of adults aged 18 to 64 years hospitalized with multiple rib fractures. The primary outcome was 3-month readmission(s). Study cohort was split 60-20-20 into training-validation-test sets. Model input features included demographic/injury/index hospitalization characteristics and index hospitalization International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, diagnosis codes. The seven-layer DeepBackRib comprised multipronged strategies to mitigate overfitting and was trained to optimize recall. Shapley additive explanation analysis identified the marginal contribution of each input feature for predicting readmissions. RESULTS A total of 20,260 patients met the inclusion criteria, among whom 11% (n = 2,185) experienced 3-month readmissions. Feature selection narrowed 3,164 candidate input features to 61, and DeepBackRib yielded 91%, 85%, and 82% recall on the training, validation, and test sets, respectively. Shapley additive explanation analysis quantified the marginal contribution of each input feature in determining DeepBackRib's predictions: underlying chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and long index hospitalization length of stay had positive associations with 3-month readmissions, while private primary payer and diagnosis of pneumothorax during index admission had negative associations. CONCLUSION We developed and internally validated a high-performing deep learning algorithm that elucidates factors associated with readmissions after rib fractures. Despite promising predictive performance, standalone deep learning algorithms are insufficient for clinical prediction tasks: a concerted effort is needed to ensure that clinical prediction algorithms remain explainable. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE Prognostic and Epidemiological; Level III.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and validating a deep learning algorithm to predict readmissions after rib fractures in nonelderly adults. It does not involve exergames, fall prevention, or any intervention targeting older people. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Choi, S. D., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Exergame technology and interactive interventions for elderly fall prevention: A systematic literature review.
[Journal]  APPLIED ERGONOMICS 65: 570-581.
[Abstract] Training balance and promoting physical activities in the elderly can contribute to fall-prevention. Due to the low adherence of conventional physical therapy, fall interventions through exergame technologies are emerging. The purpose of this review study is to synthesize the available research reported on exergame technology and interactive interventions for fall prevention in the older population. Twenty-five relevant papers retrieved from five major databases were critically reviewed and analyzed. Results showed that the most common exergaming device for fall intervention was Nintendo Wii, followed by Xbox Kinect. Even though the exergame intervention protocols and outcome measures for assessing intervention effectiveness varied, the accumulated evidences revealed that exergame interventions improved physical or cognitive functions in the elderly. However, it remains inconclusive whether or not the exergame-based intervention for the elderly fall prevention is superior to conventional physical therapy and the effect mechanism of the exergaming on elderly's balance ability is still unclear. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic literature review, which means it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it synthesizes and analyzes the results of multiple studies. Therefore, based on the criteria provided, this paper does not meet the requirement for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Choi, Y. K., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Emerging Smart Home Technologes to Facilitate Engaging With Aging.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF GERONTOLOGICAL NURSING 45(12): 41-48.
[Abstract] Engaging with aging (EWA), the ongoing process of an individual to identify resources and implement adaptive strategies to maximize quality of life, may be enhanced by advances in information technology and adaptive upgrades to the built environment. Smart home technologies (SmHT) introduce passive monitoring features into the residential infrastructure to promote older adults' ability to manage day-to-day living and age in place.This article provides an overview of current and emerging SmHT and discusses opportunities to leverage this technology for enhancing the capacity of older adults to engage with their own aging. There are opportunities to create smart homes that enhance physical and cognitive capacity for older adults, but there are also ethical and practical challenges that will inform the design of future smart home systems.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper discusses the use of smart home technologies to enhance the quality of life and support aging in place for older adults. It does not specifically focus on exergames or any form of virtual reality, video games, or electronic games as interventions. Additionally, it does not mention randomized controlled trials or report results related to fall prevention. Therefore, the paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Chu, C. H., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Exergaming Platform for Older Adults Residing in Long-Term Care Homes: User-Centered Design, Development, and Usability Study.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 9(1).
[Abstract] Background: Older adults (OAs) residing in long-term care (LTC) homes are often unable to engage in adequate amounts of physical activity because of multiple comorbidities, including frailty and severe cognitive impairments. This level of physical inactivity is associated with declines in cognitive and functional abilities and can be further compounded by social isolation. Exergaming, defined as a combination of exercise and gaming, has the potential to engage OAs in exercise and encourage social interaction. However, previously used systems such as the Nintendo Wii are no longer commercially available, and the physical design of other exergames is not suitable for OAs (ie, fall risks, accessibility issues, and games geared toward a younger population) with diverse physical and cognitive impairments.Objective: This study aims to design and develop a novel, user-centered, evidence-based exergaming system for use among OAs in LTC homes. In addition, we aim to identify facilitators and barriers to the implementation of our exergaming intervention, the MouvMat, into LTC homes according to staff input.Methods: This study used a user-centered design (UCD) process that consisted of 4 rounds of usability testing. The exergame was developed and finalized based on existing evidence, end user and stakeholder input, and user testing. Semistructured interviews and standardized and validated scales were used iteratively to evaluate the acceptability, usability, and physical activity enjoyment of the MouvMat.Results: A total of 28 participants, 13 LTC residents, and 15 staff and family members participated in the UCD process for over 18 months to design and develop the novel exergaming intervention, the MouvMat. The iterative use of validated scales (System Usability Scale, 8-item Physical Activity Enjoyment Scale, and modified Treatment Evaluation Inventory) indicated an upward trend in the acceptability, usability, and enjoyment scores of MouvMat over 4 rounds of usability testing, suggesting that identified areas for refinement and improvement were appropriately addressed by the team. A qualitative analysis of semistructured interview data found that residents enjoyed engaging with the prototype and appreciated the opportunity to increase their PA. In addition, staff and stakeholders were drawn to MouvMat's ability to increase residents' autonomous PA. The intended and perceived benefits of MouvMat use, that is, improved physical and cognitive health, were the most common facilitators of its use identified by study participants.Conclusions: This study was successful in applying UCD to collaborate with LTC residents, despite the high number of physical and sensory impairments that this population experiences. By following a UCD process, an exergaming intervention that meets diverse requirements (ie, hardware design features and motivation) and considers environmental barriers and residents' physical and cognitive needs was developed. The effectiveness of MouvMat in improving physical and cognitive abilities should be explored in future multisite randomized controlled trials.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the design, development, and usability testing of an exergaming platform for older adults in long-term care homes. While it meets the criteria of targeting older people and using an exergame, it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. The study focuses on user-centered design, acceptability, and usability, and suggests that future studies should explore the effectiveness of the exergaming intervention through randomized controlled trials. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Chuadthong, J., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    A Home-Based Exercise Program With Active Video Games for Balance, Motor Proficiency, Foot and Ankle Ability, and Intrinsic Motivation in Children With Chronic Ankle Instability: Feasibility Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 11.
[Abstract] Background: Children with chronic ankle instability (CAI) frequently experience ankle unsteadiness, causing trips, falls, and ankle sprain injuries resulting in poor quality of life. A specific exercise program focused on physical and psychological purposes in children with CAI is needed.Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate the feasibility of a 4-week home-based exercise training program using active video games (AVGs) for balance, motor proficiency, foot and ankle ability, and intrinsic motivation in children with CAI.Methods: Sixty children with CAI (mean age 10, SD 2 years) were randomly assigned to an experimental group (AVG group; n=30) or a control group (CG; n=30). The AVG group played 2 selected video games, Catching Fish and Russian Block, while the CG received the traditional exercise program for CAI. Both programs were scheduled for 30 minutes per day, 3 times per week, for 4 weeks at home. The single-leg stance test was used to assess static balance. The walking forward on a line and standing long jump tests were used to assess motor proficiency. The Foot and Ankle Ability Measure (FAAM) and the Intrinsic Motivation Inventory questionnaire were used to assess foot and ankle ability and intrinsic motivation, respectively. Assessments were conducted at baseline and after 4 weeks.Results: In the AVG group, the single-leg stand test (eyes open; on floor and on foam conditions), the FAAM (activities of daily living subscale), and intrinsic motivation (interest/enjoyment, pressure/tension, and value/usefulness dimensions) were improved compared with the CG (all P<.05). Motor proficiency did not differ between the 2 groups at the end of the 4-week program (P=.31 for the walking forward on a line, P=.34 for the standing long jump test).Conclusions: A 4-week home-based exercise training program using AVGs can be beneficial and may be an effective approach for improving balance, foot and ankle ability, and enhancing positive motivation by increasing the interest/enjoyment and value/usefulness dimensions and lowering the pressure/tension dimension in children with CAI that require long-term rehabilitation sessions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using active video games (exergames) to improve balance, motor proficiency, foot and ankle ability, and intrinsic motivation in children with chronic ankle instability. The intervention targets children, not older people, and the focus is on ankle instability rather than fall prevention in the elderly. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Chuang, C.-S., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Effects of modern technology (exergame and virtual reality) assisted rehabilitation vs conventional rehabilitation in patients with Parkinson?s disease: a network meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
[Journal]  PHYSIOTHERAPY 117: 35-42.
[Abstract] Background Modern technological applications, including exergames and virtual technology-assisted rehabilitation (VTAR) programmes, are promising for Parkinson's disease (PD) rehabilitation. However, evidence regarding their efficacy for rehabilitation is inconclusive.Objectives This network meta-analysis (NMA) investigated the efficacy of exergames and VTAR on gait and balance outcomes and acceptability for patients with PD.Data sources ClinicalKey, Cochrane CENTRAL, Embase, ProQuest, PubMed, ScienceDirect, Web of Science and ClinicalTrials.gov.Study selection Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) investigating changes in gait or balance parameters were included in this study.Study appraisal and synthesis methods In the NMA, standardised mean differences with 95% confidence intervals were calculated using a frequentist model. GRADE ratings were used to evaluate the quality of evidence in this study.Results Twenty-three RCTs with 949 participants were included. Exergames and VTAR were associated with significantly better im-provements in balance and gait outcomes than usual treatment and other active control interventions. However, exergames were not associated with changes in depressive symptoms. The evaluation of acceptability results indicated that all exergames and VTAR were adequately tolerated, as indicated by the low drop-out rates.Limitations Small sample sizes and heterogeneity were the key limitations of this study.Conclusion and implications of key findings This NMA confirmed that exergames are associated with more favourable gait and balance outcomes in patients with PD compared with usual treatment and other active control interventions. GRADE ratings revealed that most direct, indirect and overall network evidence was of low to medium quality. Larger-scale studies with longer follow-up periods are warranted.(c) 2022 Chartered Society of Physiotherapy. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a network meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the intervention targets older people with Parkinson's disease and involves exergames and virtual reality, the study design (meta-analysis) disqualifies it based on the given criteria.

[Author]   Chung, A. M. J., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Do people with intellectual disability use Nintendo Wii when placed in their home as part of a physiotherapy program? An observational study.
[Journal]  Disability and rehabilitation. Assistive technology 11(4): 310-315.
[Abstract] PURPOSE: To examine how much, and in what way, Nintendo Wii (Wii) is used when prescribed as part of a home-physiotherapy program for people with intellectual disability.METHODS: Twenty people with intellectual disability were recruited. The following parameters were recorded about play patterns over a 12-week period: frequency, duration, perceived exertion, play position, play mode, initiation of play and games from Wii Sports and Wii Fit Plus.RESULTS: Participants used the Wii for a median of 101min per week (interquartile range [IQR]: 50-172) in weeks one and two across a median of three days per week (IQR: 3-4), decreasing down to a median of 35min per week (IQR: 0-141) in weeks 11 and 12 across a median of one day per week (IQR: 0-3).CONCLUSIONS: Usage of the Wii drops off rapidly when it is placed in the homes of people with intellectual disability as part of a physiotherapy program. Implications for Rehabilitation Usage of the Nintendo Wii drops off rapidly when it is placed in the homes of people with intellectual disability and they are instructed to use it as part of a home physiotherapy program. Games commonly played include bowling and boxing in Wii Sport, and penguin slide, ski jump and tight rope walk in Wii Fit Plus. Physiotherapists should use person and family centred practice to ensure that Nintendo Wii is a suitable intervention for the person with an intellectual disability and provide support to encourage ongoing usage.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets people with intellectual disability, not older people, and the study is an observational study rather than a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Chun-Ju, C., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Age-related changes in postural re-balanced ability during a continuous and unexpected perturbation integrated with virtual reality scenes.
[Journal]  Biomedical Engineering: Applications, Basis and Communications 28(3): 1650020 (1650027 pp.)-1650020 (1650027 pp.).
[Abstract] The degeneration of sensory and motor systems due to aging could affect the elderly's posture and increase the risk of falling. The strategies applied to maintain postural stability might be different between ages, especially in the condition requiring both proprioception and vision sensorimotor coupling. This study proposed a novel sensorimotor assessment protocol to evaluate the postural control ability across the aging process, by using the computerized dynamic posturography and the virtual reality (VR) system. Ten young and 20 elderly healthy adults without fall experience were recruited, and were assessed on a continuous-perturbed platform with or without the VR-based visual interference in a random sequence. Measured variables of the center of pressure as well as the weight-bearing ratio were analyzed and compared. Results showed that the postural sway was significantly larger in all subjects under the VR condition, but the young subjects could rapidly adjust the body to regain postural stability in a rhythmic and symmetric manner; whereas, the elderly adults performed less effectively in postural response. We suggested that the application of the multiple sensation disturbances with VR could effectively evaluate the postural control ability among the healthy elderly. The proposed assessing protocol is also recommended for training the sensorimotor integration to improve the dynamic postural control ability.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it involves older adults and a virtual reality (VR) system, the focus is on assessing postural control ability rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial (RCT) aimed at evaluating the effectiveness of an exergame intervention.

[Author]   Cieslik, B., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Examining technology-assisted rehabilitation for older adults' functional mobility: a network meta-analysis on efficacy and acceptability.
[Journal]  NPJ DIGITAL MEDICINE 6(1).
[Abstract] Technological advancements facilitate feedback adaptation in rehabilitation through virtual reality (VR) exergaming, serious gaming, wearables, and telerehabilitation for older adults fall prevention. Although studies have evaluated these technologies, no comparisons of their effectiveness have been conducted to date. Thus, this study aims to assess the differences in effectiveness of these interventions on balance and functional mobility in the older adults. A systematic review and network meta-analysis (NMA) were conducted to identify the most effective interventions for improving balance and functional mobility in adults aged 60 and over. The search was conducted in five databases (PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Scopus, and Web of Science) up to June 10, 2023. The eligibility criteria were: (1) older adults, (2) functional mobility, balance, or gait as the primary outcome, (3) new technology intervention, and (4) randomized study design. New technology interventions were classified into five categories: exergaming with balance platforms or motion capture technologies, other serious gaming, interventions with wearables, and telerehabilitation. Additionally, two categories of control interventions (conventional exercises and no treatment) were extracted. The NMA was performed for the aggregated results of all outcomes, and separately for clinical functional scales, functional mobility, and gait speed results. Fifty-two RCTs with 3081 participants were included. Exergaming with motion capture was found to be statistically significant in producing a better effect than no treatment in the analysis of the functional mobility with an SMD of -0.70 (P < 0.01). The network meta-analysis revealed that exergaming with motion capture offers greater therapeutic benefits for functional mobility and balance compared to no treatment control. The effectiveness of this approach is similar to that of conventional exercises. Further RCTs are needed to provide a more definitive conclusion, particularly with respect to the effectiveness of serious games, telerehabilitation, and interventions with wearables.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a network meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the study includes exergames and targets older adults, it is a comparative analysis of multiple interventions rather than a focused study on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Cieslik, B., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Altered postural stability in elderly women following a single session of head-mounted display virtual reality.
[Journal]  ACTA OF BIOENGINEERING AND BIOMECHANICS 23(1): 107-111.
[Abstract] The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of a single session of head-mounted display virtual reality on postural stability in elderly women. Methods: Forty-seven female subjects underwent a 20-minute virtual reality session. The mean age of the subjects was 70.12 years. As an immersive source, we used a relaxing virtual reality game with a head-mounted display device. The postural stability test was conducted using a Nintendo Wii force plate. Participants completed a set of three 30-s trials in which they took a quiet bipedal eyes-open stance while standing on a hard surface: before the virtual reality session, immediately after the virtual reality session, and 2 minutes after the virtual reality session. Centre of pressure parameters were analysed in the sagittal and frontal planes. Results: Analysing the results obtained immediately after the virtual reality session, significant differences were observed in almost all examined parameters. In the sagittal plane, centre of pressure path velocity increased by 10% (p < 0.01) and path standard deviation by 15% (p < 0.05). In the frontal plane, centre of pressure path velocity increased by 14% (p < 0.01). After 2 minutes, all examined parameters showed no significant difference compared to before the virtual reality session. Conclusions: Immediately after the virtual reality session, there was an increase in almost all examined parameters. However, after 2 minutes, all examined parameters had returned to baseline. Therefore, to reduce fall risk after a virtual reality session, it is recommended that the subject spend at least 2 minutes in a sitting position.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it involves older people and uses a form of virtual reality, the study is focused on evaluating the effect of a single session of head-mounted display virtual reality on postural stability, rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial, and the results are not reported in the context of a fall prevention intervention.

[Author]   Cimino, V., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Objective evaluation of Nintendo Wii Fit Plus balance program training on postural stability in Multiple Sclerosis patients: a pilot study.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF REHABILITATION RESEARCH 43(3): 199-205.
[Abstract] The use of the Nintendo Wii system has become a common tool for balance rehabilitation in patients with multiple sclerosis, but few studies verified the effectiveness of such an approach using quantitative measures of postural control. We aimed to evaluate the impact of rehabilitation treatment using the Nintendo Wii Fit Plus balance program on objective stabilometric parameters in multiple sclerosis patients. We enrolled 36 multiple sclerosis patients, with mild-moderate disability, referring to the multiple sclerosis Centre of the University of Catania from September 2013 to June 2014. Twenty participants underwent 20 individual sessions of balance exercise using the Nintendo Wii Fit Plus. They were assessed at baseline (T0) and at the end of rehabilitation program (T1) by Neurocom Balance Manager. Functional independence measure, Barthel index, and Berg balance scale were also administered. At T1, we found a significant improvement in total path length-open eyes, sway area-open eyes, and mean sway velocity-open eyes. Patients showed significant improvement in functional independence measure motor score, Barthel index, and in Berg balance scale. No significant differences between T0 and T1 in closed eyes trials were found. A significant correlation between delta values between T0 and T1 of sway area-open eyes and the Berg balance scale (r= -0.76;P< 0.0001) was found. This study confirmed that balance rehabilitation training performed using the Nintendo Wii with balance board significantly reduced some postural sway parameters in multiple sclerosis patients. It could be a good support to standard rehabilitation program in multiple sclerosis patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of the Nintendo Wii Fit Plus balance program for balance rehabilitation in patients with multiple sclerosis. While it does involve an exergame (Nintendo Wii Fit Plus) and reports the results of a pilot study, the target population is not older people but rather patients with multiple sclerosis. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Cintean, R., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    An Analysis of 1000 Patients With the 
[Journal]  Big 5" " Orthopaedic Surgery Procedures and the Impact of Residents on Outcome." JOURNAL OF SURGICAL EDUCATION 81(11): 1683-1690.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: The study is intended to show that the operative quality of a resident in orthopedic trauma surgery is comparable to that of a senior physician in the most common orthopaedic trauma surgeries (Plate osteosynthesis in ankle fractures and distal radius fractures, ESIN in pediatric forearm fractures, implantation of a proximal femoral nail in pertrochanteric femur fractures and hemiarthroplasty in femoral neck fractures) with appropriate supervision by a senior physician. With only minimal deviations in the operating time, which is becoming increasingly relevant in everyday clinical practice, surgical training of residents could be supported. MATERIAL AND METHODS: 200 patients of the above- mentioned fracture patterns each, who were treated surgically between January 1, 2016 and December 31, 2020, were detected and categorized. In particular, a qualitative characteristic was determined for each fracture on the basis of the standard pre and postoperative X-rays taken during surgery and statistically evaluated with the surgery time, the fracture classification and the training status of the anonymized surgeon. Anonymized x-rays were evaluated by 2 senior physicians and 2 residents. RESULTS: Operations were performed by residents in 33.5 % of the cases (ankle fractures 42.0%; distal radius fractures 30.5%; pediatric forearm fractures 30.5%; pertrochanteric femur fractures 50.5%; femoral neck fractures 14.0%). Surgical complication rate was 4.8% in the resident group and 9.0% in the attending surgeon group. Revision surgeries were performed in 2.1% of resident cases, and in 4.1% of attending surgeon cases. In the resident group, time of surgery was 7.4 min longer for ankle fractures, 4.4 min for distal radius fractures, 2.8 min for forearm fractures, 2.3 min longer in proximal femur fractures 8.2 min longer for femoral neck fractures. No statistically significant difference in radiological outcome was observed in any of the groups after evaluation of the x-rays. CONCLUSION: This study shows that only slightly more than one third of all mentioned operations are performed by residents, although there is no statistical difference in quality. The operating time is extended on average by only 5 minutes. The surgical complication rate as well as the revision rate is higher in the group of senior physicians, whereby the more complicated fractures were treated by them. Resident involvement in trauma surgery is therefore not associated with increased morbidity or mortality of patients. ( J Surg Ed 81:1683-1690.- 1690. (c) 2024 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of Association of Program Directors in Surgery. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/))
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the impact of residents on surgical outcomes in orthopedic trauma surgeries, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are patients undergoing various orthopedic surgeries, and the focus is on the quality and outcomes of surgeries performed by residents compared to senior physicians. There is no mention of exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Coelho de Amorim, J. S., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Virtual reality therapy for rehabilitation of balance in the elderly: a systematic review and META-analysis.
[Journal]  ADVANCES IN RHEUMATOLOGY 58.
[Abstract] Virtual reality therapy (VRT) has clinical indications in rehabilitation programs for the elderly; however, there is still no consensus on the recovery of body balance. The objective of this review was to summarize the effects of physical therapy interventions with VRT in the rehabilitation of balance in the elderly. The studies were identified via a systematic search in the databases PubMed, SciELO, LILACS and PEDro from 2010 onward. Clinical trials with interventions that involved VRT in the elderly were included in the study and were subjected to methodological quality analysis using the PEDro scale. A random effects meta-analysis of the studies that analyzed balance using the Berg Balance Scale and the Timed Up and Go (TUG) test was performed. Ten articles met the inclusion criteria, which presented variability in relation to the types of interventions used (70%) and the outcomes analyzed (60%). The mean duration of the interventions was 13.90 (+/- 5.08) weeks, with at least two weekly sessions (+/- 0.73). There were positive results in relation to improvements in both dynamic and static balance (70% of the studies), mobility (80%), flexibility (30%), gait (20%) and fall prevention (20%). A summary of the meta-analysis showed mean effects on the Berg scale (standardized mean difference [SMD]: -0.848; 95% CI: -1.161; -0.535) and the TUG test (SMD: 0. 894; 95% CI: 0.341; 1.447). Individually, virtual reality is promising in rehabilitation programs for the elderly. The overall measures were sufficient to show beneficial effects of the therapy on balance in the elderly.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the paper discusses virtual reality therapy (VRT) for balance rehabilitation in the elderly, it is not specifically focused on exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Coeugnet, S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    A vibrotactile wristband to help older pedestrians make safer street-crossing decisions.
[Journal]  ACCIDENT ANALYSIS AND PREVENTION 109: 1-9.
[Abstract] Introduction: Older pedestrians are overrepresented in fatal accidents. Studies consistently show gap-acceptance difficulties, especially in complex traffic situations such as two-way streets and when vehicles approached rapidly. In this context, the present research was aimed at assessing the effectiveness of a vibrotactile device and study older pedestrian's behavior when wearing the wristband designed to help them make safer street-crossing decisions.Method: Twenty younger-old participants (age 60-69), 20 older-old participants (age 70-80) and 17 younger adults (age 20-45) carried out a street-crossing task in a simulated two-way traffic environment with and without a vibrotactile wristband delivering warning messages.Results: The percentage of decisions that led to collisions with approaching cars decreased significantly when participants wore the wristband. Benefits tended to be greater particularly among very old women, with fewer collisions in the far lane and when vehicles approached rapidly when they wore the wristband. But collisions did not fall to zero, and responses that were in accordance with the wristband advice went up to only 51.6% on average, for all participants. The wristband was nevertheless considered useful and easy to use by all participants. Moreover, behavioral intentions to buy and use such a device in the future were greater in both groups of older participants, but not among the younger adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a vibrotactile wristband to help older pedestrians make safer street-crossing decisions. While it targets older people and involves an intervention, the intervention is not an exergame. The study also does not focus on preventing falls but rather on improving street-crossing safety. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Colback, A. A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Evaluating Mixed Reality as a Tool for Patient Education of Facial Fractures.
[Journal]  FACIAL PLASTIC SURGERY & AESTHETIC MEDICINE 26(5): 646-651.
[Abstract] Background: Patients may be educated about facial fractures using two-dimensional computed tomography (2DCT); however, three-dimensional mixed reality (3DMR) goggles may improve patient education by delivering content in an immersive environment. Objective: To compare the effectiveness of 2DCT and 3DMR formats used for patient education on facial fractures, as measured by surveys. Methods: In this prospective, randomized, crossover study, video tutorials intended for facial fracture informed consent were created in 2DCT and 3DMR formats from a single CT data set of a zygomaticomaxillary complex (ZMC) fracture. Subjects were randomly assigned into two groups. Group 1 (n = 25) viewed the 2DCT tutorial, answered self-assessment and information recall surveys, viewed the 3DMR tutorial, repeated the prior surveys as well as a comparison survey. Group 2 (n = 25) followed the same sequence but viewed the 3DMR tutorial and then the 2DCT tutorial. Results: Participants (n = 50) had no differences in age (group 1-51.9 years/standard deviation [SD] 20.9; group 2-44.7 years/SD 17.6 years; p = 0.223), gender (group 1-10 male/15 female; group 2-11 male/14 female; p = 0.999), college education level (group 1-25 yes; group 2-25 yes; p = 0.844), or prior 2DCT or 3DMR experience (group 1-9 yes/16 no; group 2-13 yes/12 no; p = 0.393). The 3DMR format was preferred over 2DCT (p < 0.05), and it was reported to enhance understanding as compared to 2DCT (p < 0.05). No differences for information recall were noted (p = 0.753). Conclusion: In this study, participants preferred 3DMR goggles over 2DCT for a simulated ZMC fracture-informed consent.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using mixed reality (3DMR) as a tool for patient education on facial fractures, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are patients with facial fractures, and the study focuses on the effectiveness of 2DCT and 3DMR formats for patient education, rather than an exergame intervention to prevent falls.

[Author]   Colcuc, C., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Comparison of virtual reality and computed tomography in the preoperative planning of complex tibial plateau fractures.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF ORTHOPAEDIC AND TRAUMA SURGERY 144(6): 2631-2639.
[Abstract] Introduction Preoperative planning is a critical step in the success of any complex surgery. The pur-pose of this study is to evaluate the advantage of VR glasses in surgical planning of complex tibial plateau fractures compared to CT planning. Materials and methods Five orthopedic surgeons performed preoperative planning for 30 fractures using either conventional CT slices or VR visualization with a VR headset. Planning was performed in a randomized order with a 3-month interval between planning sessions. A standardized questionnaire assessed planned operative time, planning time, fracture classification and understanding, and surgeons' subjective confidence in surgical planning. Results The mean planned operative time of 156 (SD 47) minutes was significantly lower (p < 0.001) in the VR group than in the CT group (172 min; SD 44). The mean planning time in the VR group was 3.48 min (SD 2.4), 17% longer than in the CT group (2.98 min, SD 1.9; p = 0.027). Relevant parameters influencing planning time were surgeon experience (-0.61 min) and estimated complexity of fracture treatment (+ 0.65 min). Conclusion The use of virtual reality for surgical planning of complex tibial plateau fractures resulted in significantly shorter planned operative time, while planning time was longer compared to CT planning. After VR planning, more surgeons felt (very) well prepared for surgery.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) for preoperative planning of complex tibial plateau fractures, not for preventing falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are orthopedic surgeons, and the study does not involve exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Collado-Mateo, D., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Exergames for women with fibromyalgia: a randomised controlled trial to evaluate the effect on mobility skills, balance and fear of falling.
[Journal]  PEERJ 5.
[Abstract] Background. Exergames are a new form of rehabilitation that combine the characteristics of physical exercise and the benefits of non-immersive virtual reality (VR). Effects of this novel therapy in women fibromyalgia are still unknown. The objective was to evaluate the effects of exergame-based intervention on mobility skills, balance and fear of falling in women with fibromyalgia.Methods. This study was a randomized controlled trial with concealed allocation. Seventy-six women with fibromyalgia were divided into two groups: the exercise group received an eight week intervention based on exergames, while the control group continued their usual activities. Mobility skills were evaluated using the timed up and go test, while balance was assessed using the functional reach test, and the CTSIB protocol. Fear of falling was evaluated on a scale of 0-100 (0, no fear; 100, extreme fear). Measurements were performed before and after the intervention. A repeated-measures linear mixed model was used to compare the effects of the intervention between the two groups.Results. The exercise group was significantly quicker than the control group in the timed up and go test (MD, -0.71; 95% CI [-1.09-0.32]; p < 0 : 001). There were also significant improvements in functional reach and a reduced fear of falling (MD, 4.34; 95% CI [1.39-7.30]; p = 0.005 and MD, -9.85; 95% CI [-0.19-0.08]; p = 0.048, respectively).Discussion. The improved TUG observed herein was better than the smallest real difference. Based on the results on mobility skills, balance and fear of falling, exergames may be an effective tool as a therapy for women with fibromyalgia.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of exergames to improve mobility skills, balance, and fear of falling in women with fibromyalgia. While it does involve an exergame-based intervention and a randomized controlled trial, the target population is not older people, but rather women with fibromyalgia. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Collado-Villaverde, A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    A Simulator to Support Machine Learning-Based Wearable Fall Detection Systems.
[Journal]  ELECTRONICS 9(11).
[Abstract] People's life expectancy is increasing, resulting in a growing elderly population. That population is subject to dependency issues, falls being a problematic one due to the associated health complications. Some projects are trying to enhance the independence of elderly people by monitoring their status, typically by means of wearable devices. These devices often feature Machine Learning (ML) algorithms for fall detection using accelerometers. However, the software deployed often lacks reliable data for the models' training. To overcome such an issue, we have developed a publicly available fall simulator capable of recreating accelerometer fall samples of two of the most common types of falls: syncope and forward. Those simulated samples are like real falls recorded using real accelerometers in order to use them later as input for ML applications. To validate our approach, we have used different classifiers over both simulated falls and data from two public datasets based on real data. Our tests show that the fall simulator achieves a high accuracy for generating accelerometer data from a fall, allowing to create larger datasets for training fall detection software in wearable devices.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a simulator to generate accelerometer data for training machine learning-based wearable fall detection systems. It does not describe an intervention using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus is on creating simulated data for improving the accuracy of fall detection, rather than on an exergame intervention.

[Author]   Colleter, R., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    ARCHEOHANDI: PROTOCOL FOR A NATIONAL DISABILITIES DATABASE IN ARCHAEOLOGY IN FRANCE.
[Journal]  VIRTUAL ARCHAEOLOGY REVIEW 15(30): 56-79.
[Abstract] The archaeology of disability is a relatively recent and little-known approach in France. While the study of palaeopathology now goes hand in hand with funerary archaeology and osteoarchaeology, the French study of disabilities and disabling pathologies remains marginal and unevenly treated, depending on location, chronology and researcher's interest. This paper focuses on highlighting the compatibility between this new research area, the obligations of osteoarchaeology, and the benefits of developing a national, diachronic, and interdisciplinary study. A database is designed within an interpretive, consensual framework, that can be adapted to overcome limitations and promote open-minded research on the care of the disabled in their own communities. A preliminary category selection of disabling pathologies has been made. These are trepanation, completely edentulous and/or compensating denture, neuronal impairment, severe scoliosis, Paget's disease, Diffuse Idiopathic Skeletal Hyperostosis (DISH), rickets, dwarfism, infectious diseases, unreduced fracture, amputation, severe degenerative disease and others. This list has been critically reviewed by experts in the field; it will evolve in a somewhat Darwinian fashion. Our database is hosted on the Huma-Num platform, with a management interface and quick access based on multiple tabs. The data includes information about archaeological operations, subjects, and pathologies; it is complemented by pictorial data stored on the Nakala platform. The development involved creating a prototype using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, and PHP, with features to display, add, modify, and delete operations and subjects. Enhancements have been made, including search optimization, charts, and the ability to export data in CSV format. The database, whose administrative interface can be accessed at archeohandi.huma-num.fr, contains so far 211 existing operations with a total of 1232 registered subjects spread throughout metropolitan France. These initial data reveal numerous research perspectives in osteoarchaeology that can be combined with other research topics, such as virtual reality.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. It focuses on the development of a national disabilities database in archaeology in France, specifically for the study of disabilities and disabling pathologies in archaeological contexts. The paper does not meet the criteria for targeting older people, using exergames as an intervention, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Cook, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Co-designing and pilot testing a digital game to improve vaccine attitudes and misinformation resistance in Ghana.
[Journal]  HUMAN VACCINES & IMMUNOTHERAPEUTICS 20(1).
[Abstract] Misinformation related to vaccines has been shown to potentially negatively impact public perceptions and intentions to vaccinate in many contexts including COVID-19 vaccination in Ghana. Psychological inoculation - where recipients are warned about the misleading techniques used in misinformation - is a potential intervention which could preemptively boost public resistance against misinformation. Cranky Uncle Vaccine is an interactive, digital game that applies inoculation, offering a scalable tool building public resilience against vaccine misinformation and promoting positive health-related behaviors. In this study, we document the process of developing and testing a West African version of Cranky Uncle Vaccine, with co-design workshops and a pilot test conducted in urban and peri-urban areas of the Greater Accra region of Ghana with 829 young people who had access to mobile and computer devices. The average age was 21.8 and participants were highly educated (median education level "Some/all university") with slightly more females (51.2%) than males (48.4%). Pilot participants filled out surveys before and after playing the game, measuring vaccine attitudes (pre-game M = 3.4, post-game M = 3.6), intent to get vaccinated (pre-game M = 3.5, post-game M = 3.6), and discernment between vaccine facts and fallacies (pre-game AUC = 0.72, post-game AUC = 0.75). We observed a significant improvement in attitudes toward vaccines, with players demonstrating increased likelihood to get vaccinated after completing the game. Among players who indicated that they were unlikely to get vaccinated in the pre-game survey (N = 52, or 6.3% of participants), just over half of these participants (53%) switched to likely to get vaccinated after playing the game. Perceived reliability of vaccine facts remained the same, while perceived reliability of vaccine fallacies significantly decreased, indicating improved ability to spot misleading arguments about vaccines. These results demonstrate the effectiveness of a digital game in building public resilience against vaccine misinformation as well as improving vaccine attitudes and intent to get vaccinated.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and testing of a digital game aimed at improving vaccine attitudes and misinformation resistance in young people in Ghana. It does not target older people, nor does it focus on exergames or fall prevention. The study also reports on a pilot test rather than a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Copeland, I., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Combined musculoskeletal finite element modeling of femur stress during reactive balance training.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 166.
[Abstract] The purpose of this study was to determine the material stresses experienced in the femoral neck during the stepping phase of recovery from a forward loss of balance achieved both using release from a static forward lean and rapid treadmill accelerations in 8 older adults. A scalable musculoskeletal model with 23 degrees of freedom and 92 force actuators was used to calculate joint reaction forces. A finite element model of the femur used joint reaction forces calculated by the musculoskeletal model to calculate the material stresses during stepping. Balance recovery from a static forward lean angle had a greater joint contact force and greater maximum tensile stress than a recovery from treadmill induced perturbations both before and after a training session. Hip joint contact loads were found to be large in magnitude, however, all stresses experienced by the bone are less than critical yield stresses for trabecular bone. We suggest that stepping balance recovery is safe for older adults with no obvious loss of bone density or strength and that analyses such as finite element analysis are necessary to understand stresses in the material at the joint level.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on determining the material stresses experienced in the femoral neck during reactive balance training, using both static forward lean and rapid treadmill accelerations. While the participants are older adults, the intervention does not involve exergames, and the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Corregidor-Sanchez, A. I., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Exergames to Prevent the Secondary Functional Deterioration of Older Adults during Hospitalization and Isolation Periods during the COVID-19 Pandemic.
[Journal]  SUSTAINABILITY 13(14).
[Abstract] The COVID-19 pandemic is having an intense impact on the functional capacity of older adults, making them more vulnerable to frailty and dependency. The development of preventive and rehabilitative measures which counteract the consequences of confinement or hospitalization is an urgent need. Exergaming can promote physical activity, prevent falls, and maintain functional and cognitive capacity. However, although the use of exergames in health programs for the elderly is promising, their widespread use should not be considered without the supervision of a social health professional. Therefore, the objective of this work was to evaluate and analyze three video game consoles (Nintendo Wii(R), Xbox-Kinect(R) and Play Station 4(R)) and 26 commercial exergames with the aim of identifying their usefulness for the prevention of functional deterioration. Three occupational therapists analyzed the data independently, and subsequently agreed on the results. The examination of the commercial consoles met three criteria: components, interaction channels and the type of the exergame. Each exergame was analyzed taking into account its ability to train postural control, balance, upper limb functionality and cognitive function. The results of the evaluation showed that exergames contain game activities that can be part of the rehabilitative treatment aimed at the prevention of the functional impairment of older people affected by COVID.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on evaluating and analyzing the potential of exergames for preventing functional deterioration in older adults during hospitalization and isolation periods due to the COVID-19 pandemic. While it mentions that exergames can prevent falls, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it is more of an evaluation and analysis of existing commercial exergames and consoles, which does not meet the criteria for including original data from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Cortes, C. A. T., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Evaluating Balance Recovery Techniques for Users Wearing Head-Mounted Display in VR.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON VISUALIZATION AND COMPUTER GRAPHICS 27(1): 204-215.
[Abstract] Room-scale 3D position tracking enables users to explore a virtual environment by physically walking, which improves comfort and the level of immersion. However, when users walk with their eyesight blocked by a head-mounted display, they may unexpectedly lose their balance and fall if they bump into real-world obstacles or unintentionally shift their center of mass outside the margin of stability. This paper evaluates balance recovery methods and intervention timing during the use of VR with the assumption that the onset of a fall is given. Our experiment followed the tether-release protocol during clinical research and induced a fall while a subject was engaged in a secondary 3D object selection task. The experiment employed a two-by-two design that evaluated two assistive techniques, i.e., video-see-through and auditory warning at two different timings, i.e., at fall onset and 500ms prior to fall onset. The data from 17 subjects showed that video-see-through triggered 500 ms before the onset of fall can effectively help users recover from falls. Surprisingly, video-see-through at fall onset has a significant negative impact on balance recovery and produces similar results to those of the baseline condition (no intervention).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not specifically target older people, and it is not focused on using exergames to prevent falls. Instead, it evaluates balance recovery techniques for users wearing head-mounted displays in virtual reality (VR) and includes a mix of assistive techniques like video-see-through and auditory warnings. The study is more about the timing and type of intervention during a fall, rather than using exergames as a preventive measure for falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Costa, N., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    A Mobile Virtual Butler to Bridge the Gap between Users and Ambient Assisted Living: A Smart Home Case Study.
[Journal]  SENSORS 14(8): 14302-14329.
[Abstract] Ambient Intelligence promises to transform current spaces into electronic environments that are responsive, assistive and sensitive to human presence. Those electronic environments will be fully populated with dozens, hundreds or even thousands of connected devices that share information and thus become intelligent. That massive wave of electronic devices will also invade everyday objects, turning them into smart entities, keeping their native features and characteristics while seamlessly promoting them to a new class of thinking and reasoning everyday objects. Although there are strong expectations that most of the users' needs can be fulfilled without their intervention, there are still situations where interaction is required. This paper presents work being done in the field of human-computer interaction, focusing on smart home environments, while being a part of a larger project called Aging Inside a Smart Home. This initiative arose as a way to deal with a large scourge of our country, where lots of elderly persons live alone in their homes, often with limited or no physical mobility. The project relies on the mobile agent computing paradigm in order to create a Virtual Butler that provides the interface between the elderly and the smart home infrastructure. The Virtual Butler is receptive to user questions, answering them according to the context and knowledge of the AISH. It is also capable of interacting with the user whenever it senses that something has gone wrong, notifying next of kin and/or medical services, etc. The Virtual Butler is aware of the user location and moves to the computing device which is closest to the user, in order to be always present. Its avatar can also run in handheld devices keeping its main functionality in order to track user when s/he goes out. According to the evaluation carried out, the Virtual Butler is assessed as a very interesting and loved digital friend, filling the gap between the user and the smart home. The evaluation also showed that the Virtual Butler concept can be easily ported to other types of possible smart and assistive environments like airports, hospitals, shopping malls, offices, etc.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a mobile virtual butler designed to assist elderly individuals in a smart home environment. While the intervention targets older people and aims to improve their quality of life, it does not involve exergames. The focus is on ambient assisted living and human-computer interaction, rather than using exergames or any form of physical activity through virtual reality, video games, or electronic games to prevent falls. Additionally, the paper does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Costa, V., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Evaluating the Usability and Safety of Virtual Reality Application Combined with the SWalker for Functional Gait Rehabilitation.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 13(5): 397-405.
[Abstract] Objective: This research evaluates from a usability point of view the combination of a developed fully immersive virtual reality (VR) solution with the SWalker robotic device. It aims to contribute to research in the exploration of immersive experiences overground with a functional gait recovery device.Materials and Methods: We evaluated the system in a pilot study with 20 healthy participants aged 85.1 (SD: 6.29). Participants used the SWalker-VR platform while testing one VR application focused on walking and the other on balance practice. Afterward, the participants answered three usability questionnaires.Results: The platform was validated in terms of safety using the Simulator Sickness Questionnaire, obtaining less than 20 points for all subscales: nausea (4.29 +/- 14.47), oculomotor (0.38 +/- 14.18), and disorientation (1.39 +/- 14.52). For usability evaluation, the System Usability Scale provided an overall score of 70.63 +/- 11.64, and the Post-Study System Usability Questionnaire (PSSUQ) rated 1.61 +/- 0.54. The usability scores reported by both questionnaires were moderate and good, respectively. These results were similar in overall scores for both groups: participants with low cognitive level and participants with high cognitive level. Finally, the possible causes for the "no answered" responses on the PSSUQ were discussed.Conclusion: It is concluded that the SWalker-VR platform is reported to have adequate usability and high security by older adults. The potential interest of studying the effects of the long-term use of this platform by older adults with gait impairment is expressed.Clinical Trials reference: NCT06025981.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older adults and a virtual reality (VR) application, the focus is on evaluating the usability and safety of the SWalker-VR platform for functional gait rehabilitation, rather than specifically on preventing falls. Additionally, the study is a pilot study, and there is no mention of a randomized controlled trial with reported results.

[Author]   Costalat, G., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    The oxygen-conserving potential of the diving response: A kinetic-based analysis.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SPORTS SCIENCES 35(7): 678-687.
[Abstract] We investigated the oxygen-conserving potential of the human diving response by comparing trained breath-hold divers (BHDs) to non-divers (NDs) during simulated dynamic breath-holding (BH). Changes in haemodynamics [heart rate (HR), stroke volume (SV), cardiac output (CO)] and peripheral muscle oxygenation [oxyhaemoglobin ([HbO(2)]), deoxyhaemoglobin ([HHb]), total haemoglobin ([tHb]), tissue saturation index (TSI)] and peripheral oxygen saturation (SpO(2)) were continuously recorded during simulated dynamic BH. BHDs showed a breaking point in HR kinetics at mid-BH immediately preceding a more pronounced drop in HR (-0.86bpm.%(-1)) while HR kinetics in NDs steadily decreased throughout BH (-0.47bpm.%(-1)). By contrast, SV remained unchanged during BH in both groups (all P>0.05). Near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) results (mean +/- SD) expressed as percentage changes from the initial values showed a lower [HHb] increase for BHDs than for NDs at the cessation of BH (+24.0 +/- 10.1 vs. +39.2 +/- 9.6%, respectively; P<0.05). As a result, BHDs showed a [tHb] drop that NDs did not at the end of BH (-7.3 +/- 3.2 vs. -3.0 +/- 4.7%, respectively; P<0.05). The most striking finding of the present study was that BHDs presented an increase in oxygen-conserving efficiency due to substantial shifts in both cardiac and peripheral haemodynamics during simulated BH. In addition, the kinetic-based approach we used provides further credence to the concept of an oxygen-conserving breaking point in the human diving response.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the oxygen-conserving potential of the diving response in trained breath-hold divers compared to non-divers. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as it does not involve an exergame intervention, target older people, or focus on fall prevention.

[Author]   Costalat, G., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Modeling the diving bradycardia: Toward an 
[Journal]  xygen-conserving breaking point"?" EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF APPLIED PHYSIOLOGY 115(7): 1475-1484.
[Abstract] Although it has been demonstrated that the exponential decay model fits the heart rate (HR) kinetics in short static breath holding (BH), this model might be inaccurate when BH is maintained for several minutes. The aim of this study was to build a new meaningful model to quantify HR kinetics during prolonged static BH.Nonlinear regression analysis was used to build a model able to quantify the beat-to-beat HR reduction kinetics observed in prolonged static BH performed both in air and in immersed condition by 11 trained breath-hold divers. Dynamic changes in cardiac autonomic regulation through heart rate variability indices [root mean square of successive difference of R-R intervals (RMSSD); short-term fractal scaling exponent: (DFA alpha 1)] and peripheral oxygen saturation (SpO(2)) were also analyzed to strengthen the model.The tri-phasic model showed a sharp exponential drop in HR immediately followed by a slight linear rise up until a breaking point preceding a linear drop in HR. The breaking points had similar level of SpO(2) whether in air or in immersed condition (95.1 +/- A 2.1 vs. 95.2 +/- A 3.0 %, respectively; P = 0.49), and the subsequent linear drop in HR was concomitant with a shift in cardiac autonomic regulation in air (RMSSD: +109.0 +/- A 47.8 %; P < 0.001; DFA alpha 1: -18.0 +/- A 17.4 %; P < 0.05) and in immersion (RMSSD: +112.6 +/- A 55.8 %; P < 0.001; DFA alpha 1: -26.0 +/- A 12 %; P < 0.001).In addition to accurately fitting the HR kinetics, the most striking finding is an "oxygen-conserving breaking point" highlighted by the model, which might be interpreted as unique adaptive feature against hypoxic damages in the human diving bradycardia.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about modeling heart rate kinetics during prolonged static breath holding in trained breath-hold divers. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on a physiological model and does not involve any exergame intervention, nor does it target older people or aim to prevent falls.

[Author]   Crandall, A. S. (2022). 
[Title]    A 3D Mesh Based Approach to In Home Safe Walking Spaces for Older Adults [arXiv].
[Journal]  arXiv.
[Abstract] Falling continues to be a significant risk factor for older adults and other mobility limited individuals. Monitoring and maintaining clear, tripping hazard free pathways in living spaces is invaluable in helping people live independently and safely in their home. This paper proposes and demonstrates a Microsoft HoloLens-based technology for monitoring the open walking areas in living spaces. The system is based on the 3D mesh produced by the HoloLens augmented reality device. Several algorithms were implemented and evaluated to handle the noisy raw mesh to help identify all possible floor spaces. The resulting 3D model of the home was then processed to find United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) approved pathways through the homes. The long term goals of these technologies are to monitor the living spaces clutter and clear walkways over time. The information it generates shall be provided to the residents and their caregivers during environmental home assessments. It will inform them about how well the home is being maintained so proactive interventions may be taken before a fall occurs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a 3D mesh-based approach using augmented reality (Microsoft HoloLens) to monitor and maintain clear walking spaces in the home, rather than an exergame. Additionally, the focus is on monitoring and providing information to residents and caregivers, rather than engaging older adults in an exergame.

[Author]   Crozier, D., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Gender Differences in Throwing Revisited: Sensorimotor Coordination in a Virtual Ball Aiming Task.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN HUMAN NEUROSCIENCE 13.
[Abstract] Numerous studies have demonstrated that boys throw balls faster, farther and more accurately than girls. This may be largely due to well-known anatomical and muscle-physiological differences that play a central role in overarm throwing. With the objective to understand the potential contribution of the equally essential coordinative aspects in throwing for this gender difference, this large cross-sectional study examined a simplified forearm throw that eliminated the requirements that give males an advantage. While the overall performance error indeed became similar in the age groups younger than 20 years and older than 50 years, it was attenuated for middle-aged individuals. The gender differences remained in individuals who reported no throwing experience, but females with throwing experience reached similar performance as males. Two fine-grained spatiotemporal metrics displayed similar age-dependent gender disparities: while overall, males showed better spatiotemporal coordination of the ball release, age group comparisons specified that it was particularly middle-aged females that made more timing errors and did not develop a noise-tolerant strategy as males did. As throwing experience did not explain this age-dependency, the results are discussed in the context of spatial abilities and video game experience, both more pronounced in males. In contrast, a measure of rhythmicity developed over successive throws only revealed weak gender differences, speaking to the fundamental tendency in humans to fall into rhythmic patterns. Only the youngest individuals between 5 and 9 years of age showed significantly less rhythmicity in their performance. This computational study was performed in a large cohort in the context of an outreach activity, demonstrating that robust quantitative measures can also be obtained in less controlled environments. The findings also alert that motor neuroscience may need to pay more attention to gender differences.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on gender differences in throwing performance and coordination, using a virtual ball-aiming task. It does not target older people specifically for fall prevention, nor does it involve an exergame intervention designed to reduce the risk of falls. Additionally, the study is a cross-sectional study, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Cucher, D. J., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Virtual reality consumer product injuries: An analysis of national emergency department data.
[Journal]  INJURY-INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF THE CARE OF THE INJURED 54(5): 1396-1399.
[Abstract] Introduction: The growing popularity of virtual reality devices and increasingly widespread distribution of VR products into the home exposes users to risk of bodily harm. Safety features are integrated into the devices themselves, but the burden of cautious use rests upon the end user. The purpose of this study is to quantify and describe the array of injuries and demographics effected by the burgeoning VR industry to inform and encourage mitigation strategies.Materials and methods: The National Electronic Injury Surveillance System (NEISS) data was used to ex-amine a nationwide sample of emergency department records from 2013 - 2021. Inverse probability sam-ple weights for cases were applied to arrive at national estimates. NEISS data included consumer product injuries, patient age, sex, race and ethnicity, drug and alcohol involvement, diagnoses, injury descriptions, and emergency department disposition.Results: The first VR-related injury was reported in the NEISS data in 2017, and injuries were estimated to number 125. Incidents of VR-related injuries amplified as increased VR units sold, and by 2021, there was a 352% increase in VR injuries totaling a weighted estimate of 1,336 ED visits. The most common VR-related injury diagnosis is fracture (30.3%), followed by laceration (18.6%), contusion (13.9%), other (11.8%), and strain / sprain (10.0%). VR-related injuries involve the hand (12.1%), face (11.5%), finger (10.6%), and knee (9.0%), head (7.0%) and upper trunk (7.0%). Patients age 0-5 most commonly experienced injuries to the face (62.3%). Injuries in patients 6-18 were mostly to the hand (22.3%) and face (12.8%). Patients 19-54 experienced primarily injuries to the knee (15.3%), finger (13.5%), and wrist (13.3%). Patients aged 55 and older disproportionately experienced injuries in the upper trunk (49.1%) and upper arm (25.2%).Conclusions: This is the first study to describe the incidence, demographics and characteristics of injuries from VR device use. Sales of home VR units continue to increase annually and the rapid increase in VR consumer injuries is being managed by emergency departments across the country. An understanding of these injuries will inform VR manufacturers, application developers, and users to promote safe product development and operation.(c) 2023 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the analysis of injuries related to the use of virtual reality (VR) consumer products, including a demographic breakdown and types of injuries. It does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study uses data from emergency department records to quantify and describe VR-related injuries, but it does not meet the criteria for being an intervention targeting older people with exergames, nor does it report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Cuesta-Vargas, A. and M. Gine-Garriga (2014). 
[Title]    Development of a New Index of Balance in Adults with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 9(5).
[Abstract] Purposes: The first objective was to propose a new model representing the balance level of adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD) using Principal Components Analysis (PCA); and the second objective was to use the results from the PCA recorded by regression method to construct and validate summative scales of the standardized values of the index, which may be useful to facilitate a balance assessment in adults with IDD.Methods: A total of 801 individuals with IDD (509 males) mean 33.1 +/- 8.5 years old, were recruited from Special Olympic Games in Spain 2009 to 2012. The participants performed the following tests: the timed-stand test, the single leg stance test with open and closed eyes, the Functional Reach Test, the Expanded Timed-Get-up-and-Go Test. Data was analyzed using principal components analysis (PCA) with Oblimin rotation and Kaiser normalization. We examined the construct validity of our proposed two-factor model underlying balance for adults with IDD. The scores from PCA were recorded by regression method and were standardized.Results: The Component Plot and Rotated Space indicated that a two-factor solution (Dynamic and Static Balance components) was optimal. The PCA with direct Oblimin rotation revealed a satisfactory percentage of total variance explained by the two factors: 51.6 and 21.4%, respectively. The median score standardized for component dynamic and static of the balance index for adults with IDD is shown how references values.Conclusions: Our study may lead to improvements in the understanding and assessment of balance in adults with IDD. First, it confirms that a two-factor model may underlie the balance construct, and second, it provides an index that may be useful for identifying the balance level for adults with IDD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a new index for assessing balance in adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on a specific population (adults with IDD) and uses traditional balance tests, rather than exergames, and it does not report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Curate, F., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    DXAGE 2.0-adult age at death estimation using bone loss in the proximal femur and the second metacarpal.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF LEGAL MEDICINE 136(5): 1483-1494.
[Abstract] The accurate age at death assessment of unidentified adult skeletal individuals is a critical research task in forensic anthropology, being a key feature for the determination of biological profiles of individual skeletal remains. We have previously shown that the age-related decrease of bone mineral density (BMD) in the proximal femur could be used to assess age at death in women (Navega et al., J Forensic Sci 63:497-503, 2018). The present study aims to generate models for age estimation in both sexes through bone densitometry of the femur and radiogrammetry of the second metacarpal. The training sample comprised 224 adults (120 females, 104 males) from the "Coimbra Identified Skeletal Collection," and different models were generated through least squares regression and general regression neural networks (GRNN). The models were operationalized in a user-friendly online interface at hups://osteomics.com/DXAGE2/. The mean absolute difference between the known and estimated age at death ranges from 9.39 to 13.18 years among women and from 10.33 to 15.76 among men with the least squares regression models. For the GRNN models, the mean absolute difference between documented and projected age ranges from 8.44 to 12.58 years in women and from 10.56 to 16.18 years in men. DXAGE 2.0 enables age estimation in incomplete and/or fragmentary skeletal remains, using alternative skeletal regions, with reliable results.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the estimation of age at death using bone density and radiogrammetry, and it does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   da Cunha Leme, D. E. (2021). 
[Title]    The use of Bayesian network models to identify factors related to frailty phenotype and health outcomes in middle-aged and older persons.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF GERONTOLOGY AND GERIATRICS 92.
[Abstract] Background: Studies on frailty frequently only include older persons. The mapping of factors related to this syndrome and negative outcomes associated with it, also in middle age, may assist in health strategies to each age group.Objectives: To investigate social and health factors related to the frailty phenotype and to analyze the probabilistic relationships between frailty, falls and hospitalization in middle-aged and older persons.Methods: This is a cross-sectional study using data for 4442 middle-aged (50-59 years) and older participants (60 years or older) from the Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Aging (ELSI-Brazil) 2015 and 2016. Bayesian network models were estimated with the score-based hill-climbing algorithm to identify factors associated with frailty, falls and hospitalization.Results: Mean age was 63.7 years, and prevalence of frailty was 8.5 % and 11.9 % among middle-aged and older participants, respectively. In the former, the probability of frailty increased when "poor" self-rated memory was considered in the model; and in the latter, the probability of frailty was greatest among individuals who did not participate socially and had the lowest level of education. In both age groups, frailty was an important factor that influenced the probability of negative health outcomes such as falls and hospitalization. However, this result depended on combinations of health factors in each sample.Conclusions: This study has identified potential vulnerabilities that should be considered when undertaking a comprehensive assessment of middle-aged and older persons and developing suitable health strategies for each of these phases of life.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using Bayesian network models to identify factors related to frailty, falls, and hospitalization in middle-aged and older persons. It is a cross-sectional study and does not involve an intervention, particularly one that uses exergames.

[Author]   da Fonseca, E. P., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Therapeutic Effect of Virtual Reality on Post-Stroke Patients: Randomized Clinical Trial.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF STROKE & CEREBROVASCULAR DISEASES 26(1): 94-100.
[Abstract] Objectives: The study aimed to check the therapeutic effect of virtual reality associated with conventional physiotherapy on gait balance and the occurrence of falls after a stroke. Methods: This was a randomized, blinded clinical trial conducted with post-stroke patients, randomized into two groups-treatment group and control group-and subjected to balance assessments by the Dynamic Gait Index and investigation of falls before and after 20 intervention sessions. Statistically significant difference was considered at P < .05. Results: We selected 30 patients, but there were three segment losses, resulting in a total of 13 patients in the control group and 14 in the treatment group. There was an improvement in gait balance and reduced occurrence of falls in both groups. After intervention, the differences in gait balance in the control group ( P = .047) and the reduction in the occurrence of falls in the treatment group ( P = .049) were significant. However, in intergroup analysis, there was no difference in the two outcomes. Conclusions: Therapy with games was a useful tool for gait balance rehabilitation in post-stroke patients, with repercussions on the reduction of falls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the therapeutic effect of virtual reality on post-stroke patients, focusing on gait balance and the occurrence of falls. While it does involve an exergame (virtual reality) and a randomized controlled trial, the intervention targets are post-stroke patients, not specifically older people. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Da Rocha, P. A., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Complementary physical therapies for movement disorders in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF PHYSICAL AND REHABILITATION MEDICINE 51(6): 693-704.
[Abstract] Background. The growth and popularity of complementary physical therapies for Parkinson's disease (PD) attempt to fill the gap left by conventional exercises, which does not always directly target wellbeing, enjoyment and social participation.Aim. To evaluate the effects of complementary physical therapies on motor performance, quality of life and falls in people living with PD.Design. Systematic review with meta-analysis.Population. Outpatients adults diagnosed with idiopathic PD, male or female, modified Hoehn and Yahr scale I-IV, any duration of PD, any duration of physical treatment or exercise.Methods. Randomized controlled trials, non-randomized controlled trials and case series studies were identified by systematic searching of health and rehabilitation electronic databases. A standardized form was used to extract key data from studies by two independent researchers.Results. 1210 participants from 20 randomized controlled trials, two non-randomized controlled trials and 13 case series studies were included. Most studies had moderately strong methodological quality. Dancing, water exercises and robotic gait training were an effective adjunct to medical management for some people living with PD. Virtual reality training, mental practice, aerobic training, boxing and Nordic walking training had a small amount of evidence supporting their use in PD.Conclusion. On balance, alternative physical therapies are worthy of consideration when selecting treatment options for people with this common chronic disease.Clinical Rehabilitation Impact. Complementary physical therapies such as dancing, hydrotherapy and robotic gait training appear to afford therapeutic benefits, increasing mobility and quality of life, in some people living with PD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review with meta-analysis, and it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does mention virtual reality training, which could be considered an exergame, the primary focus is on a broader range of complementary physical therapies for people with Parkinson's disease. Additionally, the paper includes non-randomized controlled trials and case series studies, which do not meet the criteria for inclusion.

[Author]   da Silva Costa, A. A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Beam width and arm position but not cognitive task affect walking balance in older adults.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 12(1).
[Abstract] Detection of changes in dynamic balance could help identify older adults at fall risk. Walking on a narrow beam with its width, cognitive load, and arm position manipulated could be an alternative to current tests. Therefore, we examined additive and interactive effects of beam width, cognitive task (CT), and arm position on dynamic balance during beam walking in older adults. Twenty older adults (69 +/- 4y) walked on 6, 8, and 10-cm wide beams (2-cm high, 4-m-long), with and without CT, with three arm positions (free, crossed, akimbo). We determined cognitive errors, distance walked, step speed, root mean square (RMS) of center of mass (COM) displacement and trunk acceleration in the frontal plane. Beam width decrease progressively reduced distance walked and increased trunk acceleration RMS. Step speed decreased on the narrowest beam and with CT. Arm crossing decreased distance walked and step speed. COM displacement RMS and cognitive errors were not affected by any manipulation. In conclusion, distance walked indicated that beam width and arm position, but less so CT, affected dynamic balance, implying that beam walking has the potential to become a test of fall risk. Stability measurements suggested effective trunk adjustments to control COM position and keep dynamic balance during the task.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the abstract involves walking on a narrow beam with manipulations of beam width, cognitive load, and arm position. This is a physical and cognitive task, but it is not an exergame (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, or cognitive training using digital technology). Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Daf, A. and D. S. Patil (2024). 
[Title]    Impact of Virtual Rehabilitation in Adjunct to Conventional Physical Therapy on Proximal Humerus Fracture: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  CUREUS JOURNAL OF MEDICAL SCIENCE 16(3).
[Abstract] Introduction Humerus fractures are fairly prevalent in the general population, and their incidence increases with age. The majority of minimally displaced fractures may be treated with prompt rehabilitation. An interdisciplinary team strategy involving experienced musculoskeletal specialists, geriatricians, and skilled physiotherapists should be employed for optimal therapy. Rehabilitation is essential in coping with the consequences of the fracture. The greatest current information for shoulder rehabilitation comprises the use of counseling, exercises, and mobility of restricted joints to regain upper limb function. Virtual reality (VR) based therapies are among the most effective since they may give visual, aural, and somatosensory cues to help patients. In fact, VR-based treatments have been shown to enhance motor function, neuropathic pain, balance, and aerobic performance in individuals with neurological disorders. However, there is limited evidence on the use of VR's therapeutic efficacy on individuals with musculoskeletal disorders. This study applied oculusguided VR rehabilitation in addition to conventional physical therapy for the rehabilitation of patients with proximal humerus fractures. This study aims to assess the impact of virtual rehabilitation in adjunct to conventional physical therapy on proximal humerus fracture. Methods This study is a randomized controlled trial in which 50 patients were divided randomly into two groups: 25 patients in group A and 25 patients in group B. Group A was an experimental group that received VR plus conventional therapy. At the same time, group B was a control group that received only conventional therapy. Shoulder range of motion (ROM), manual muscle testing (MMT), numerical pain rating scale (NPRS), disabilities of arm, shoulder, and hand (DASH), and Shoulder pain and disability index (SPADI) were used as outcome measures of this study. Results There is an increase in flexion (t=7.58, P=0.0001), extension (t=6.90, P=0.0001), abduction (t = 9.57, P=0.0001), internal rotation (t=6.31, P=0.0001), and external rotation (t=3.41, P=0.001) in group A is statistically more significant than group B. The improvement in MMT scores in group B (t=1.71, P=0.10) is not significant, whereas improvements in group A are statistically significant (t=13.86, P=0.0001). The SPADI and DASH scores improved more significantly in group A (t=62.46, P=0.0001, and t=57.48, P=0.0001, respectively) than in group B (t=39.14, P=0.0001 and 46.58, P=0.0001, respectively). There is no significant difference in pain outcomes between the two groups. Conclusion The findings of this study reveal that virtual rehabilitation in adjunct to conventional physical therapy on proximal humerus fracture is more effective in improving shoulder ROM, muscle strength, and upper limb function than conventional therapy alone. However, no intervention can be considered superior to others in terms of the management of pain associated with proximal humerus fracture.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) rehabilitation in conjunction with conventional physical therapy for patients with proximal humerus fractures. While it does involve an exergame (VR-based therapy) and a randomized controlled trial, the primary focus is on improving shoulder range of motion, muscle strength, and upper limb function, rather than specifically preventing falls in the elderly. The study does not target fall prevention as its main objective.

[Author]   Daga, F. B., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Fear of falling and postural reactivity in patients with glaucoma.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 12(12).
[Abstract] PurposeTo investigate the relationship between postural metrics obtained by dynamic visual stimulation in a virtual reality environment and the presence of fear of falling in glaucoma patients.MethodsThis cross-sectional study included 35 glaucoma patients and 26 controls that underwent evaluation of postural balance by a force platform during presentation of static and dynamic visual stimuli with head-mounted goggles (Oculus Rift). In dynamic condition, a peripheral translational stimulus was used to induce vection and assess postural reactivity. Standard deviations of torque moments (SDTM) were calculated as indicative of postural stability. Fear of falling was assessed by a standardized questionnaire. The relationship between a summary score of fear of falling and postural metrics was investigated using linear regression models, adjusting for potentially confounding factors.ResultsSubjects with glaucoma reported greater fear of falling compared to controls (-0.21 vs. 0.27; P = 0.039). In glaucoma patients, postural metrics during dynamic visual stimulus were more associated with fear of falling (R-2 = 18.8%; P = 0.001) than static (R-2 = 3.0%; P = 0.005) and dark field (R-2 = 5.7%; P = 0.007) conditions. In the univariable model, fear of falling was not significantly associated with binocular standard perimetry mean sensitivity (P = 0.855). In the multivariable model, each 1 Nm larger SDTM in anteroposterior direction during dynamic stimulus was associated with a worsening of 0.42 units in the fear of falling questionnaire score (P = 0.001).ConclusionIn glaucoma patients, postural reactivity to a dynamic visual stimulus using a virtual reality environment was more strongly associated with fear of falling than visual field testing and traditional balance assessment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve a virtual reality environment, the focus is on investigating the relationship between postural metrics and fear of falling in glaucoma patients. The study is cross-sectional and does not describe an intervention aimed at preventing falls through exergames. Additionally, the participants are specifically glaucoma patients, and the study does not mention a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Dajime, P. F., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Bespoke Exergames for Balance Improvement and Fall Risk Reduction in Community-Dwelling Older Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON GAMES 14(4): 687-695.
[Abstract] Bespoke exergames have been designed for balance improvement and fall risk reduction in community-dwelling older adults. However, the overall effectiveness of bespoke exergames and their compliance with exercise prescription principles is unclear. This systematic review aims to critique the technology and effectiveness of bespoke balance exergames prescribed for older adults. A literature search was performed for randomized controlled trials that implemented bespoke exergame interventions among community-dwelling older adults. The standardized mean difference was obtained for each study, and the pooled effect size was calculated based on the random effects inverse variance model. This review had 870 participants, and 12 of the 15 studies were classified with a low risk of bias. Bespoke exergames have an effect size of 0.75 (95% CI: 0.57 - 0.93; I-2 = 7.92%), 0.62 (95% CI: 0.48 - 0.77; I-2 = 11.7%), 0.52 (95% CI: 0.24 - 0.80; I-2 = 0%), and 0.54 (95% CI: 0.23 - 0.86; I-2 = 9.9%) on balance functional tests, static balance, dynamic balance, and psychological outcome measure, respectively. Bespoke balance exergames have a moderate and consistent effect on fall risk factors. Several recommendations were offered to improve future exergame programs for balance improvement and future research on the topic.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from a single randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Daly, L. S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Do players with superior physiological attributes outwork their less-conditioned counterparts? A study in Gaelic football.
[Journal]  BIOLOGY OF SPORT 41(1): 163-174.
[Abstract] This study investigated the association of physiological attributes with in-game workload measures during competitive Gaelic football match-play. Fifty-two male developmental level Gaelic football players (mean +/- SD; age: 22.9 +/- 3.8 years) underwent measurements of anthropometric characteristics, running speed, muscular strength and power, blood lactate (BLa), running economy and aerobic capacity during two separate testing visits. Global Positioning System units (18-Hz) were used to record players in-game workloads during a competitive match 1-week following the baseline physiological assessments. Results indicated that players body fat percentage, drop jump height (DJ) and running velocity at 4 mmol <middle dot> L-1 BLa were significantly associated with the number of high-speed runs completed (Adjusted R-2 26.8% to 39.5%; p < 0.05) while 20 m running speed, running velocity at 2 mmol <middle dot> L-1 BLa and DJ were significantly associated with the number of accelerations completed (Adjusted R-2 17.2% to 22.0%; p < 0.05) during match-play. Additionally, aerobic capacity and body fat percentage were significantly associated with total distance (Adjusted R-2 14.4% to 22.4%; p < 0.05) while body fat percentage, DJ and 20 m running speed were significantly associated with high-speed distance (Adjusted R-2 17.8% to 22.0%; p < 0.05). Players were also divided into higher-standard and lower-standard groups using a median split of these physiological attributes. Players in the higher-standard groups completed significantly more high-speed runs and accelerations and covered significantly larger total and high-speed distances (+10.4% to +36.8%; ES = 0.67 to 0.88; p < 0.05) when compared to the lower-standard groups. This study demonstrates that superior levels of physical conditioning are associated with larger in-game workloads during Gaelic football match-play.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the association between physiological attributes and in-game workload measures in young male Gaelic football players, and it does not involve any exergames or interventions targeting older people.

[Author]   Daniel Perez-Cano, F., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Towards a 2D cortical osseous tissue representation and generation at micro scale. A computational model for bone simulations.
[Journal]  COMPUTER METHODS AND PROGRAMS IN BIOMEDICINE 197.
[Abstract] Background and objective: the acquisition of microscopic images of human bones is a complex and expensive process. Moreover, the objective of obtaining a large data bank with microscopic images in order to carry out massive studies or to train automatic generation algorithms is not an option. Consequently, most of the current work focuses on the analysis of small regions captured by a microscope. The aim is the development of a tool to represent bone tissue at microscopic levels which is suitable for performing physical simulations, as well as for the diagnosis of various diseases. This work includes the whole process from the digitization of a human bone to the generation of bone tissue in a determined area of the bone selected through a cutting plane.Methods: based on the anatomy of the bone structure, the parameters that allow the representation of the bone tissue at mesoscale level have been analyzed. Although the models are randomly generated, they are based on statistical parameters. The model generator is based on the analysis of images of bone tissue and its parameters, performing a representation of each of its relevant structures in a way that fulfils these parameters.Results: the tool is useful for the virtual generation of bone tissue that satisfies the main characteristics of the cortical bone. The models obtained have been favorably evaluated in two stages. In the first stage, a scientific group has examined a set of images, in which images of the models generated were mixed with images obtained through traditional methods. Then, the physical characteristics of the generated tissue have been compared with the morphology of the bone tissue.Conclusions: the model generator allows us to perform precise simulations in order to obtain realistic images with physical characteristics in accordance with reality. It is necessary to emphasize that even though the most relevant structures are included, the proposed model generator can be expanded to include new parameters or elements, so that it can be adapted to new needs. It could even break down randomness and parameterize it completely in order to allow the recreation of the tissue conditions of other studies. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a computational model for representing and generating 2D cortical osseous tissue at the microscale. It does not involve any exergames, nor does it target older people or discuss fall prevention. The focus is on creating a tool for virtual bone tissue generation for physical simulations and disease diagnosis.

[Author]   Daoud, S. A. O. (2024). 
[Title]    Between Religion and Politics: The Case of the Islamic Movement in Israel.
[Journal]  RELIGIONS 15(1).
[Abstract] The power of the "moderate" branch of the Islamic Movement (Alharaka al-Islamiyya, subsequently referred to as IM) Southern Faction (IMSF) in Israel stems from its ability to adapt to different situations, reconcile with the complex reality of being an indigenous minority in a state that defines itself a "Jewish state", and operate within the state structure accepting democratic processes that have long been debated to clash with Islamism. Besides being represented in the Israeli Knesset since 1996, the culmination of this adaptation was the joining of the movement to the short-lived Zionist coalition government on 2 June 2021 (the government collapsed in July 2022). This historic entry of an Arab Party into a Jewish/Zionist government coalition for the first time in Israel's history was a shocking surprise to many, not only due to the IM being an Arab-Palestinian movement but also an Islamist movement. My analysis shows that despite this reconciliation, the IM continues to emphasize religiosity, binding it to the national political struggle and identity of Israel's Palestinian minority. For its supporters, the IMSF is seen as a meeting point of spiritual/religious needs on the one hand and material needs in the social, political, and cultural spheres on the other. However, for its opponents, mainly from the other Arab political parties, the IM had deviated from the national consensus and accepted strategies and tools to deal with the challenges facing them as a minority in Israel. And, for some others, the IM had even deviated from Islam itself. I draw on a field study that spanned several years. It is based on qualitative, extensive interviews with senior Islamist and non-Islamist leaders in Israel, as well as primary sources of the IM, including publications, leaders' speeches, and social media. All quotes in this article are based on the author's interviews during 2022-2024. Interviews with the following leaders and activists: IM leader Abdul-Malik Dahamsheh, sheik Ibrahim Sarsour, former MK Muhammad Hasan Ken`an, Nosiba Darwish `Issa, IM MK Eman Yassin Khatib, NDA' chairman Sami Abu Shehadeh, secretary general of Abnaa al-Balad (Sons of the Country) Muhammad Kana`neh, and with Kufr Qare` former mayor Zuhair Yahya were conducted by in-person or by phone during summer-fall 2023. The interviews with former IMNF activist Aisha Hajjar, activist Zuhriyyeh 'Azab, journalist Abd el-Rahman Magadleh, and DFPE member Elias Abu Oksa were conducted via What's App, Messenger, and e-mail in 2022. The interview with political analyst Ameer Makhoul was conducted in December 2023 via Messenger. Follow-up communication was mainly through What's App to clarify certain points. The interview questions focused on the reasons for the Islamic Movement's division into two wings, the religious and political justifications for entering the Knesset and the coalition, the relationship between the southern wing and the main Arab parties active in the Israeli Knesset, the experience of unity with them, and the experience of its members while in the Zionist coalition. This article examines how the Islamic Movement in Israel uses religion as a tool to influence the national, cultural, political, economic, and social lives of the Arab minority in Israel.It asks: How does the Islamic Movement, religiously and politically, justify its involvement in the political game and in a Zionist government coalition, and how do Arab parties perceive this involvement? Moreover, it raises an important question about the nature of the movement: to what extent is the Islamic Movement a political Islam movement, and whether it has abandoned the basic goals of political Islam for the sake of becoming a democratic Islamic party? This article will provide significant insight into crucial aspects of the IM that have been previously overlooked. While being in a Zionist coalition gave hardly any latitude in decision making about policies, budgets were an attractive avenue for the Islamic Movement to guide public opinion and gain political support. The article comes during the ongoing war on Gaza, which will undoubtedly cast a shadow on the political climate and the political map in Israel in general and on the political work of Arab parties and the Islamic Movement in particular. Although it is too early to predict the impact of this war on the Islamic Movement and its political future, it can be assumed that the impact will be profound.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The paper focuses on the Islamic Movement in Israel, its political and religious dynamics, and its involvement in the Israeli government. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or conducting randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Dattu, F. H. P. A. A., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Simulation Study of a Futsal Ball Deformation in Normal Impact Using Finite Element Method.
[Journal]  International Journal of Modeling and Optimization 8(3): 188-192.
[Abstract] The popularity of the futsal games has gradually increased since it was introduced in Uruguay. Since that, the futsal games became a medium for the young players to train to be professional footballers. Many coaches are avoiding heading tactic until they are 12 years of age. This technique can lead into the potential cause of traumatic brain injury. To date there has been no study to predict the deformation of the futsal ball in normal impact on flat surface at low speeds. The purpose of this study is to investigate the deformation behavior of the futsal ball upon impact. The free fall drop test is performed on the futsal ball size 4 when hitting a rigid target at different heights 500mm, 1,000mm, and 1,500mm. The result shows that, the higher ball drop, the higher deformation of the ball. Then, a finite element model (FEM) of a futsal ball was constructed and the simulation of the ball analysis was done by comparison between two materials, which were Butyl Rubber (IIR) and Latex Rubber (NR). The results show that, the Butyl Rubber is the better material for futsal ball construction, as there are less deformation and stress which is in allowable stress. However, further improvement needs to be done by taking into consideration of the futsal ball under large deformation as well as at a high impact.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the deformation of a futsal ball during impact and does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are not older people, the study does not involve an exergame, and it is not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Daun, F. and A. Kibele (2019). 
[Title]    Different strength declines in leg primary movers versus stabilizers across age-Implications for the risk of falls in older adults?
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 14(3).
[Abstract] This study investigated differences in the declines of isometric strength in hip abductors and adductors versus knee extensors across four different age groups (n = 31: 11.2 +/- 1.0 y, n = 30: 23.1 +/- 2.7 y, n = 27: 48.9 +/- 4.4 y, and n = 33: 70.1 +/- 4.2 y) with a total of 121 female subjects. As a starting point, we assumed that, during their daily activities, elderly people would use their leg stabilizers less frequently than their leg primary movers as compared to younger people. Given that muscle strength decreases in the course of the aging process, we hypothesized that larger strength declines in hip abductors and hip adductors as compared to knee extensors would be detected across age. Maximal isometric force for these muscle groups was assessed with a digital hand-held dynamometer. Measurements were taken at 75% of the thigh or shank length and expressed relative to body weight and lever arm length. Intratester reliability of the normalized maximal torques was estimated by using Cronbach's alpha and calculated to be larger than 0.95. The obtained results indicate a clearly more pronounced strength decline in hip abductors and hip adductors across age than in the knee extensors. Therefore, a particular need for strength training of the lower extremity stabilizer muscles during the aging process is implied.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study investigates the differences in strength declines in leg muscles across different age groups, and it does not mention any exergame intervention or randomized controlled trials related to exergames.

[Author]   David, E. A. and N. Shahnaz (2022). 
[Title]    Patient-Reported Disability After Computerized Posturographic Vestibular Retraining for Stable Unilateral Vestibular Deficit.
[Journal]  JAMA OTOLARYNGOLOGY-HEAD & NECK SURGERY 148(5): 426-433.
[Abstract] IMPORTANCE Individuals with persistent unilateral vestibular deficits experience loss of quality of life and increased risk of falling, and they have few well-supported options for effective treatment.OBJECTIVES To evaluate whether vestibular retraining using computerized dynamic posturography is associated with reduced participant-reported disability for patients with an objectively assessed unilateral peripheral vestibular deficit and to assess the feasibility of conducting a randomized clinical trial of vestibular retraining using computerized dynamic posturography.DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS This single-group cohort study was conducted from April 29 to July 23, 2021, in a tertiary neurotology clinic among 13 individuals with a stable unilateral vestibular deficit present for more than 6 months, confirmed with videonystagmography and vestibular evokedmyogenic potential testing. Statistical analysis was performed from July 7, 2021, to January 25, 2022.INTERVENTIONS Twelve twice-weekly sessions of posturography-assisted vestibular retraining with prescribed weight shifting tasks guided by an interactive display.MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Change in scores on the Dizziness Handicap Inventory (DHI), the Activities-Specific Balance Confidence (ABC) Scale, and the Falls Efficacy Scale-International (FES-I), which participants completed before and after retraining to measure their perception of their disability. They also completed posturography measurements. Secondary outcomes included tolerability of the intervention and rate of completion of the full protocol.RESULTS A total of 13 participants (8 men [62%]; median age, 51 years [range, 18-67 years]) were enrolled. All 13 participants completed the intervention and all follow-up. After treatment, the median changes in scores were -16 points (95% CI, -20 to 2) for the DHI, -9 (95% CI, -14 to 1) for the FES-I, and 11.9 (95% CI, 0-17.3) for the ABC Scale. Eight participants (62%) improved by greater than the minimum clinically important difference (MCID) for the DHI, whereas 4 (31%) exceeded the MCID for the ABC Scale, and 3 (23%) exceeded the MCID for the FES-I. Participants with moderate to severe disability at baseline (n = 7) had a larger magnitude of improvement in DHI scores than those with mild disability (n = 6) (-18 [95% CI, -78 to 2] vs -1 [95% CI, -8 to 16]). Six of the 7 patients (86%) with moderate to severe disability improved by greater than the MCID for DHI, wherease 4 of 7 patients (57%) improved by greater than the MCID for the ABC Scale, and 3 of 7 patients (43%) improved by greater than the MCID for the FES-I.CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE This cohort study suggests that computerized, dynamic posturography-assisted retraining was associated with clinically meaningful improvements in participant-reported disability among those with stable unilateral vestibular deficit and moderate to severe disability. Further studies should compare posturography-assisted vestibular retraining with conventional physical therapy rehabilitation techniques.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the intervention (computerized dynamic posturography-assisted retraining) is a form of technology-assisted balance training, it is not an exergame as defined by the criteria (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, cognitive training). Additionally, the study is a single-group cohort study and not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Davis, J. R. C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Comparison of Gait Speed Reserve, Usual Gait Speed, and Maximum Gait Speed of Adults Aged 50+in Ireland Using Explainable Machine Learning.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN NETWORK PHYSIOLOGY 1.
[Abstract] Gait speed is a measure of general fitness. Changing from usual (UGS) to maximum (MGS) gait speed requires coordinated action of many body systems. Gait speed reserve (GSR) is defined as MGS-UGS. From a shortlist of 88 features across five categories including sociodemographic, cognitive, and physiological, we aimed to find and compare the sets of predictors that best describe UGS, MGS, and GSR. For this, we leveraged data from 3,925 adults aged 50+ from Wave 3 of The Irish Longitudinal Study on Ageing (TILDA). Features were selected by a histogram gradient boosting regression-based stepwise feature selection pipeline. Each model's feature importance and input-output relationships were explored using TreeExplainer from the Shapely Additive Explanations explainable machine learning package. The mean R a d j 2 (SD) from fivefold cross-validation on training data and the R a d j 2 score on test data were 0.38 (0.04) and 0.41 for UGS, 0.45 (0.04) and 0.46 for MGS, and 0.19 (0.02) and 0.21 for GSR. Each model selected features across all categories. Features common to all models were age, grip strength, chair stands time, mean motor reaction time, and height. Exclusive to UGS and MGS were educational attainment, fear of falling, Montreal cognitive assessment errors, and orthostatic intolerance. Exclusive to MGS and GSR were body mass index (BMI), and number of medications. No features were selected exclusively for UGS and GSR. Features unique to UGS were resting-state pulse interval, Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CESD) depression, sit-to-stand difference in diastolic blood pressure, and left visual acuity. Unique to MGS were standard deviation in sustained attention to response task times, resting-state heart rate, smoking status, total heartbeat power during paced breathing, and visual acuity. Unique to GSR were accuracy proportion in a sound-induced flash illusion test, Mini-mental State Examination errors, and number of cardiovascular conditions. No interactions were present in the GSR model. The four features that overall gave the most impactful interactions in the UGS and MGS models were age, chair stands time, grip strength, and BMI. These findings may help provide new insights into the multisystem predictors of gait speed and gait speed reserve in older adults and support a network physiology approach to their study.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on comparing gait speed reserve, usual gait speed, and maximum gait speed in adults aged 50+ using explainable machine learning. It does not mention any exergame intervention or randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Day, K. A., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Accelerating locomotor savings in learning: compressing four training days to one.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROPHYSIOLOGY 119(6): 2100-2113.
[Abstract] Acquiring new movements requires the capacity of the nervous system to remember previously experienced motor patterns. The phenomenon of faster re-learning after initial learning is termed "savings." Here we studied how savings of a novel walking pattern develops over several days of practice and how this process can be accelerated. We introduced participants to a split-belt treadmill adaptation paradigm for 30 min for 5 consecutive days. By training day 5, participants were able to produce near-perfect performance when switching between split and tied-belt environments. We found that this was due to their ability to shift specific elements of their stepping pattern to account for the split treadmill speeds from day to day. We also applied a state-space model to further characterize multiday locomotor savings. We then explored methods of achieving comparable savings with less total training time. We studied people training only on day 1, with either one extended split-belt exposure or alternating four times between split-belt and tied-belt conditions rapidly in succession. Both of these single-day training groups were tested again on day 5. Experiencing four abbreviated exposures on day 1 improved the performance on day 5 compared with one extended exposure on day I. Moreover, this abbreviated group performed similarly to the group that trained for 4 consecutive days before testing on day 5. despite only having one-quarter of the total training time. These results demonstrate that we can leverage training structure to achieve a high degree of performance while minimizing training sessions.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Learning a new movement requires repetition. Here, we demonstrate how to more efficiently train an adapted walking pattern. By compressing split-belt treadmill training delivered over 4 days to four abbreviated bouts of training delivered on the first day of training, we were able to induce equivalent savings over a 5-day span. These results suggest that we can manipulate the delivery of training to most efficiently drive multiday learning of a novel walking pattern.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about accelerating the learning of a novel walking pattern using a split-belt treadmill adaptation paradigm. While it involves training and motor learning, it does not specifically target older people, nor does it use exergames as the intervention. The study focuses on a general population and aims to understand how to compress training time for better learning outcomes. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   de Bruin, E. D., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Playing Exergames Facilitates Central Drive to the Ankle Dorsiflexors During Gait in Older Adults; a Quasi-Experimental Investigation.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 11.
[Abstract] Purpose: Gait training might be of particular importance to reduce fall risk in older adults. In the present study we explore the hypothesis that video game-based training will increase tibialis anterior (TA) muscle EMG-EMG coherence and relates to functional measures of lower limb control.Methods: We focus on video game-based training performed in standing position, where the subjects have to lift their toes to place their feet on different target zones in order to successfully play the game. This type of training is hypothesized leading to progressive changes in the central motor drive to TA motor neurons and, consequently, improved control of ankle dorsiflexion during gait.Results: Twenty older adults, 79 +/- 8 years old, 13 females/7 males, participated. Results showed a significant difference against 0 in the experimental 1 POST condition in dual-task walking and beta Frequency Of Interest (p = 0.002). Walking under dual task condition showed significant change over time in minimal Toe Clearance for both the left [chi(2)(2) = 7.46, p = 0.024, n = 20] and right [chi(2)(2) = 8.87, p = 0.012, n = 20] leg. No change in lower extremity function was detectable.Conclusion: Overall we conclude that the initiation of an exergame-based training in upright standing position improves neural drive to the lower extremities in older adults, effects on minimal Toe Clearance and seems an acceptable form of physical exercise for this group.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly because:
- The study is a quasi-experimental investigation, not a randomized controlled trial.
- While the intervention involves an exergame and targets older adults, the primary focus is on the central motor drive to the tibialis anterior muscle and its effects on gait, rather than specifically on fall prevention.

[Author]   de Carvalho, M. S., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Analysis of the Muscular Activity, Peak Torque in the Lower Limbs, and Static Balance after Virtual Rehabilitation in Women with Fibromyalgia: A Randomized Controlled Study.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 10(3): 190-197.
[Abstract] Objective: To analyze the effect of the exergaming on muscular activity at rest and on maximum voluntary isometric contraction by electromyography (EMG) at peak torque, widespread pressure hyperalgesia identified using a tender point count, and static balance in fibromyalgia.Materials and Methods: Thirty-five women were divided into two groups: Wii (TM) (virtual rehabilitation, n = 16) and control (stretching exercises, n = 19), through simple randomization. The volunteers were evaluated by means of EMG, dynamometry by load cell, baropodometry, and algometry before interventions and reevaluated after the 10th and 20th sessions. The subjects participated fully in three 1-hour treatment sessions per week of 20 sessions.Results: The Wii group showed significant benefits for the peak torque of dorsiflexion movement after 20 sessions and for movement plantarflexion after 10 sessions. The control group showed bilateral improvement in muscular activity in the tibialis anterior muscle after 20 sessions. Both groups showed a significant decrease in tender point count, suggesting improved hyperalgesia after 10 sessions and 20 sessions. No significant improvement was found in static baropodometry in the two evaluated groups.Conclusion: Exergaming have the potential to increase the peak torque for dorsiflexion and plantarflexion movement in women with fibromyalgia. It also produces a decrease in tender point count equal to that with flexibility exercises and does not produce changes in the static balance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on women with fibromyalgia and evaluates the effects of exergaming on muscular activity, peak torque, and static balance. The intervention targets are not older people, and the primary focus is not on fall prevention.

[Author]   De Luna, D. G., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    A Study of Human Balance and Coordination Using a Head Mounted Display.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF COMPUTING AND INFORMATION SCIENCE IN ENGINEERING 21(5).
[Abstract] This paper investigates the hypothesis that men and women perform differently in virtual environments in terms of balance and coordination during surprise events. It reports on an experiment in human subject balance and coordination using an HTC Vive head-mounted display (HMD) to create a virtual environment. For the experiment, 30 male and 30 female subjects of college age were asked to navigate along a clear path in a virtual world using a controller with their dominant hand and asked to balance a virtual ball on a virtual plate using the other controller in the nondominant hand. The test subjects moved along a clearly marked path, with three surprise obstacles occurring: a large rock landing near the path, an explosion near the path, and a flock of birds coming across the path. Data included six degrees-of-freedom (DOF) trajectories for the head and both hands, as well as data gathered by the computer system on ball location and velocity, plate location and velocity, and ball status. Likert scale questionnaires were answered by the test subjects relative to video game experience, sense of presence, and ease of managing the ball movement. Statistics showed that the male students dropped the ball less frequently at p = 0.0254 and p = 0.0036. In contrast, female students were aware of their performance with correlation levels of 0.632 and 0.588.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on balance and coordination in a virtual environment using a head-mounted display, but the participants are college-aged individuals, not older people. Additionally, the study is not specifically designed to prevent falls, and it is not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   De Maio, M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Home-Based Physical Activity as a Healthy Aging Booster before and during COVID-19 Outbreak.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 19(7).
[Abstract] The role of physical activity in improving overall aspects of health regardless of age is well documented. Due to the coronavirus disease 2019 outbreak, preventive measures to limit airborne infection have been introduced, with people, especially older adults, advised to stay at home, thus increasing sedentary lifestyle and the risk of chronic diseases. As one of the few possible ways to stay active is home-based training, this review aims to provide evidence on alternative and feasible home-based activity programs as a tool to improve the fitness level in older adults, especially when preventive measures are needed to ensure isolation and limit interpersonal contacts. During quarantine, older adults, especially those with chronic diseases, are recommended to regularly exercise. Combined balance and muscle-strengthening training has proven to be particularly useful in limiting falls and mobility limitations. In addition, the use of virtual reality systems seems to be a potential strategy in remaining physically active, reducing physical inactivity time and significantly increasing the compliance of the older adults with physical activity programs. In conclusion, home-based programs induce improvements in physical functions in general and quality of life in older people with or without co-morbidities, and it can be considered in the future as one of the feasible and economic ways to increase physical well-being. This may be of unique importance in the setting of coronavirus disease 2019 enforced limitations in out-of-home activity.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract discusses the benefits of home-based physical activity for older adults, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic. While it mentions the use of virtual reality systems as a potential strategy to remain physically active, the paper is a review and does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, the focus is on general physical activity and its benefits, rather than specifically on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   De Raeve, N., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Bluetooth-Low-Energy-Based Fall Detection and Warning System for Elderly People in Nursing Homes.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SENSORS 2022.
[Abstract] Due to the ever growing population of elderly people, there is a dramatic increase in fall accidents. Currently, multiple ideas exist to prevent the elderly from falling, by means of technology or individualised fall prevention training programs. Most of them are costly, difficult to implement or less used by the elderly, and they do not deliver the required results. Furthermore, the increasingly older population will also impact the workload of the medical and nursing personnel. Therefore, we propose a novel fall detection and warning system for nursing homes, relying on Bluetooth Low Energy wireless communication. This paper describes the hardware design of a fall-acceleration sensing wearable for the elderly. Moreover, the paper also focuses on a novel algorithm for real-time filtering of the measurement data as well as on a strategy to confirm the detected fall events, based on changes in the person's orientation. In addition, we compare the performance of the algorithm to a machine learning procedure using a convolutional neural network. Finally, the proposed filtering technique is validated via measurements and simulation. The results show that the proposed algorithm as well as the convolutional neural network both results in an excellent accuracy when validating on a common database.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on a Bluetooth-Low-Energy-based fall detection and warning system for elderly people in nursing homes. It does not describe an exergame or any form of exercise intervention. Instead, it discusses the design and validation of a wearable device and an algorithm for detecting falls. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   de Rond, V., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Lower back muscle activity during weight-shifting is affected by ageing and dual-tasking.
[Journal]  EXPERIMENTAL GERONTOLOGY 181.
[Abstract] Purpose: Postural control deteriorates with age, especially under dual-task conditions. It is currently unknown how a challenging virtual reality weight-shifting task affects lower back muscle activity. Hence, this study investigated erector spinae neuromuscular control during mediolateral weight-shifting as part of an exergame during single- (ST) and dual-task (DT) conditions in young and older adults. Methods: Seventeen young and 17 older adults performed mediolateral weight-shifts while hitting virtual wasps in a virtual environment with and without a serial subtraction task (DT). Center of mass position was recorded in real-time using 3D motion capturing. Electromyography recorded bilateral activation of the lumbar longissimus and iliocostalis muscles.Results: Weight-shifting (p < 0.03) and targeting the wasps (p < 0.005) deteriorated with age and DT. Relative muscle activation during both quiet stance and weight-shifting increased with age, while the DT-effect did not differ consistently between age-groups. However, bilateral muscle co-contraction decreased with DT in young adults only. When switching direction and targeting the wasps, variability of muscle activation increased with age and DT and proved related to worse targeting performance. These effects were mainly visible at the nondominant body side.Conclusion: Older adults showed a higher erector spinae muscle contribution to perform weight-shifts with increased variability at the end of a shift, whereby muscle activity was modulated less well in older than in young adults in response to DT. Hence, the current findings point to the potential for developing postural training in which older adults learn to fine-tune trunk muscle activity to improve weight-shifting and reduce fall risk.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper investigates the effects of a virtual reality weight-shifting task on lower back muscle activity in young and older adults, but it does not specifically focus on using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study includes an exergame and involves older adults, but it is more focused on understanding the neuromuscular control and postural control under dual-task conditions rather than reporting the results of a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   de Rooij, I. J. M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Effect of Virtual Reality Gait Training on Participation in Survivors of Subacute Stroke: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  PHYSICAL THERAPY 101(5).
[Abstract] Objective. After stroke, people experience difficulties with walking that lead to restrictions in participation in daily life. The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of virtual reality gait training (VRT) compared to non-virtual reality gait training (non-VRT) on participation in community-living people after stroke.Methods. In this assessor-blinded, randomized controlled trial with 2 parallel groups, people were included between 2 weeks and 6 months after stroke and randomly assigned to the VRT group or non-VRT group. Participants assigned to the VRT group received training on the Gait Real-time Analysis Interactive Lab (GRAIL), and participants assigned to the non-VRT group received treadmill training and functional gait exercises without virtual reality. Both training interventions consisted of 12 30-minute sessions during 6 weeks. The primary outcome was participation measured with the restrictions subscale of the Utrecht Scale for Evaluation of Rehabilitation-Participation (USER-P) 3 months postintervention. Secondary outcomes included subjective physical functioning, functionalmobility, walking ability, dynamic balance, walking activity, fatigue, anxiety and depression, falls efficacy, and quality of life.Results. Twenty-eight participants were randomly assigned to the VRT group and 27 to the non-VRT group, of whom 25 and 22 attended 75% or more of the training sessions, respectively. No significant differences between the groups were found over time for the USER-P restrictions subscale (1.23; 95% CI = -0.76 to 3.23) or secondary outcome measures. Patients' experiences with VRT were positive, and no serious adverse events were related to the interventions.Conclusions. The effect of VRT was not statistically different from non-VRT in improving participation in community-living people after stroke.Impact. Although outcomes were not statistically different, treadmill-based VRT was a safe and well-tolerated intervention that was positively rated by people after stroke. VR training might, therefore, be a valuable addition to stroke rehabilitation.Lay Summary. VRT is feasible and was positively experienced by people after stroke. However, VRT was not more effective than non-VRT for improving walking ability and participation after stroke.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of virtual reality gait training (VRT) for survivors of subacute stroke, with the primary outcome being participation in daily life. While the intervention involves a form of exergame (virtual reality), the target population is specifically stroke survivors, not older people in general. Additionally, the primary focus is on participation and walking ability after stroke, rather than on preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   de Rooij, I. J. M., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Virtual reality gait training versus non-virtual reality gait training for improving participation in subacute stroke survivors: study protocol of the ViRTAS randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  TRIALS 20.
[Abstract] BackgroundA stroke often results in gait impairments, activity limitations and restricted participation in daily life. Virtual reality (VR) has shown to be beneficial for improving gait ability after stroke. Previous studies regarding VR focused mainly on improvements in functional outcomes. As participation in daily life is an important goal for rehabilitation after stroke, it is of importance to investigate if VR gait training improves participation. The primary aim of this study is to examine the effect of VR gait training on participation in community-living people after stroke.Methods/designThe ViRTAS study comprises a single-blinded, randomized controlled trial with two parallel groups. Fifty people between 2 weeks and 6 months after stroke, who experience constraints with walking in daily life, are randomly assigned to the virtual reality gait training (VRT) group or the non-virtual reality gait training (non-VRT) group. Both training interventions consist of 12 30-min sessions in an outpatient rehabilitation clinic during 6 weeks. Assessments are performed at baseline, post intervention and 3 months post intervention. The primary outcome is participation measured with the Utrecht Scale for Evaluation of Rehabilitation-Participation (USER-P). Secondary outcomes are subjective physical functioning, functional mobility, walking ability, walking activity, fatigue, anxiety and depression, falls efficacy and quality of life.DiscussionThe results of the study provide insight into the effect of VR gait training on participation after stroke.Trial registrationNetherlands National Trial Register, Identifier NTR6215. Registered on 3 February 2017.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using virtual reality (VR) gait training to improve participation in subacute stroke survivors, not specifically to prevent falls in the elderly. While the intervention does involve a form of exergame (virtual reality), the primary focus and target population do not align with the criteria for preventing falls in older people.

[Author]   De Rosario, H., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Correction of Joint Angles From Kinect for Balance Exercising and Assessment.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF APPLIED BIOMECHANICS 30(2): 294-299.
[Abstract] The new generation of videogame interfaces such as Microsoft's Kinect opens the possibility of implementing exercise programs for physical training, and of evaluating and reducing the risks of elderly people falling. However, applications such as these might require measurements of joint kinematics that are more robust and accurate than the standard output given by the available middleware. This article presents a method based on particle filters for calculating joint angles from the positions of the anatomical points detected by PrimeSense's NITE software. The application of this method to the measurement of lower limb kinematics reduced the error by one order of magnitude, to less than 10 degrees, except for hip axial rotation, and it was advantageous over inverse kinematic analysis, in ensuring a robust and smooth solution without singularities, when the limbs are out-stretched and anatomical landmarks are aligned.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the technical aspect of improving the accuracy of joint angle measurements using Kinect for potential applications in balance exercising and assessment, which could be relevant to fall prevention. However, it does not describe an exergame intervention or a randomized controlled trial with reported results. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria specified.

[Author]   De Schrijver, L., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Regional anesthesia combined with virtual reality hypnosis for extended orthopedic surgery: two case reports.
[Journal]  ACTA ANAESTHESIOLOGICA BELGICA 71(3): 145-150.
[Abstract] Background: Virtual reality hypnosis is a combination of visual immersion in a virtual reality environment and clinical hypnosis. It can be used in addition to conventional techniques, for sedation and pain management during wound care. Patients undergoing painful and long-lasting procedures under regional anesthesia could also benefit, from this technique alleviating the need for sedative-hypnotic medication.Case presentation : Two patients with relative contraindications for general anesthesia underwent lengthy orthopedic surgery of the upper limbs under regional anesthesia with additional virtual reality hypnosis. Written informed consent was obtained from both patients before surgery. A 69-year-old man, with a previous medical history of severe symptomatic aortic valve stenosis (Theta 0.69cm(2), max/mean gradient of 91/58mmHg) sustained a proximal humerus fracture-dislocation and was scheduled to undergo shoulder hemi-arthroplasty. Anesthesia was provided with ultrasound-guided continuous interscalene block at the C5-C6 level (11 mL levobupivacaine 0.5%) combined with a single-shot superficial cervical plexus block (6mL levobupivacaine 0.5%). The second case was a 56-year-old man suffering from rheumatoid arthritis with severe restrictive lung function due to interstitial lung disease and bilateral bronchiectasis. He received a unilateral elbow prosthesis. Continuous infra-clavicular brachial plexus block, performed under ultrasound guidance was provided (20 mL mepivacaine 1.5%). Both patients required prolonged immobilization on the operating table. We used virtual reality hypnosis to induce sedation and improve comfort without using medication. This was provided by headphones and head-mounted goggles, showing computer generated images of underwater scenes (Aqua module, Oncomfort (TM)). Both surgeries were uneventful during which time cardiorespiratory stability was maintained. Patients were comfortable during and satisfied after surgery. No sedative drugs were given before nor during the procedures.Conclusion: Non-pharmacological sedation can be achieved with virtual reality hypnosis. When combined with regional anesthesia, this technique provides satisfactory sedation when pharmacological methods may be hazardous.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is the use of virtual reality hypnosis combined with regional anesthesia for sedation and pain management during orthopedic surgery, rather than an exergame aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the study reports on two case studies, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   de Vries, A. W., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Virtual reality balance training for elderly: Similar skiing games elicit different challenges in balance training.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 59: 111-116.
[Abstract] Background: Virtual Reality (VR) balance training may have advantages over regular exercise training in older adults. However, results so far are conflicting potentially due to the lack of challenge imposed by the movements in those games. Therefore, the aim of this study was to assess to which extent two similar skiing games challenge balance, as reflected in center of mass (COM) movements relative to their Functional Limits of Stability (FLOS).Methods: Thirty young and elderly participants performed two skiing games, one on the Wii Balance board (Wiiski), which uses a force plate, and one with the Kinect sensor (Kinski), which performs motion tracking. During gameplay, kinematics were captured using seven opto-electronical cameras. FLOS were obtained for eight directions. The influence of games and trials on COM displacement in each of the eight directions, and maximal COM speed, were tested with Generalized Estimated Equations.Results: In all directions with anterior and medio-lateral, but not with a posterior component, subjects showed significantly larger maximal %FLOS displacements during the Kinski game than during the Wiiski game. Furthermore, maximal COM displacement, and COM speed in Kinski remained similar or increased over trials, whereas for Wiiski it decreased.Conclusions: Our results show the importance of assessing the movement challenge in games used for balance training. Similar games impose different challenges, with the control sensors and their gain settings playing an important role. Furthermore, adaptations led to a decrease in challenge in Wiiski, which might limit the effectiveness of the game as a balance-training tool.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on comparing the balance challenges posed by two different virtual reality skiing games (Wiiski and Kinski) in both young and elderly participants. While it does involve older adults and uses exergames, the study is not specifically about using these exergames to prevent falls. Instead, it assesses the extent to which the games challenge balance, as reflected in center of mass (COM) movements. The paper does not report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at fall prevention.

[Author]   de Vries, A. W., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Understanding Motivations and Player Experiences of Older Adults in Virtual Reality Training.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 7(6): 369-376.
[Abstract] Objective: We studied which games and underlying game mechanics are considered motivating by older adults, so that designers and therapists make informed choices when designing or selecting virtual reality (VR)-training interventions. Materials and methods: We conducted a repeated measures design with 30 older participants, who played eight different VR-training games and afterward filled out the intrinsic motivation inventory (IMI). Differences in intrinsic motivation between games were analyzed using Friedman's tests. In addition, in-depth interviews were conducted according to the laddering technique, to unveil the underlying game mechanics that lead to the players preferences. Results: IMI scores were relatively high for all games, indicating that these VR games seem effective for inducing a high intrinsic motivation. Wii yoga and Kinect Adventures were the highest scoring games on all but the negative subscale tension. Both games provided regular positive feedback. An important game mechanic was Variation, which showed a strong link to important values such as: to Stay Focused, Improve Fitness, and Health and Independency. Furthermore, the game mechanics Visual Feedback and Positive Feedback, which lead to an increased Drive to Perform, were perceived valuable. Seemingly contradicting, but both important attributes such as Speed versus Slow Movements emphasize the importance of designing VR training that adapts to the skill level of the player. Conclusion: We have shown that games with different game mechanics can induce high intrinsic motivation. When designing or selecting VR balance training games for older adults, these game mechanics should be incorporated to optimize a positive user experience and increase intrinsic motivation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on understanding the motivations and experiences of older adults when playing virtual reality (VR) training games, but it does not specifically address the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study aims to identify which game mechanics are motivating for older adults, but it does not report on a randomized controlled trial with the specific goal of preventing falls. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   de Vries, A. W., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Virtual Reality Balance Games Provide Little Muscular Challenge to Prevent Muscle Weakness in Healthy Older Adults.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 9(3): 227-236.
[Abstract] Objective:Muscle weakness is an important risk factor for falls in older adults. Intensity and duration of muscle activity are important determinants of exercise effectiveness in combating muscle weakness. The aim of this article was to assess the intensity and duration of muscle activity in virtual reality (VR) balance games. Materials and Methods:Thirty young and 30 healthy older adults played seven different VR balance games. Muscle activity of the vastus lateralis, vastus medialis, soleus, and gluteus medius was obtained using surface electromyography (EMG). The processed EMG signals were divided into 200-ms blocks, after which each block was categorized by its average normalized EMG activity, that is, >80%, 60%-80%, 40%-60%, or <40% of maximum voluntary contraction (MVC). We calculated the total number of blocks in each category to score intensity, as well as the maximal number of consecutive 200-ms blocks (MCBs) >40% MVC, to identify prolonged muscle activity. Results:Muscle activity during game play was mostly Conclusion:Our method allowed us to analyze the overall muscle activity and the distribution of activity over a trial. Although the activation levels during these VR games were low in general, we identified game elements that could potentially provide a strength training stimulus. Future research should aim to implement these elements, such that the intensity, prolonged activity, and rest are optimized to sufficiently challenge lower limb muscles in VR training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on assessing the intensity and duration of muscle activity in virtual reality (VR) balance games, specifically to determine if these games provide sufficient muscular challenge to prevent muscle weakness in healthy older adults. While it does target older people and uses a form of exergame (virtual reality balance games), the study is not a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls. Instead, it is more focused on the physiological aspects of muscle activity during game play. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Deacon, M., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Can Wii Balance? Evaluating a Stepping Game for Older Adults.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON NEURAL SYSTEMS AND REHABILITATION ENGINEERING 26(9): 1783-1793.
[Abstract] Decline in balance control is an issue for older adults as it leads to an increased risk of falling which may result in serious injury. Mitigating this risk may be achieved through balance training and exercise, but lack of adherence to an exercise program often occurs. Improvement in balance control may be difficult to quantify in an unbiased manner given the therapist providing the treatment also assesses the patient. We developed a gamified system using an off-the-shelf technology through an iterative feedback with therapists and clients to evaluate a response time during stepping as a measure of balance control. The game was designed using serious game strategies to increase participant engagement. This game included two Nintendo Wii balance boards between which the individual was required to step while the times were recorded. To provide evidence that the system could be used in a clinical environment, we conducted a cross-sectional study collecting data for five minutes at the beginning of a physiotherapy assessment. One hundred and four individuals older than 50 years of age were recruited who were able to step forward with or without an aid. The response time fora step using the system was negatively correlated to the Berg balance score.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the development and evaluation of a gamified system using Nintendo Wii balance boards to assess balance control in older adults. While it involves an exergame and targets older people, the study is a cross-sectional study rather than a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as specified.

[Author]   Dedeene, L., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    An artificial intelligence-driven support tool for prediction of urine culture test results.
[Journal]  CLINICA CHIMICA ACTA 562.
[Abstract] Background and aims: We aimed to develop an easily deployable artificial intelligence (AI)-driven model for rapid prediction of urine culture test results.Material and Methods: We utilized a training dataset (n = 34,584 urine samples) and two separate, unseen test sets (n = 10,083 and 9,289 samples). Various machine learning models were compared for diagnostic performance. Predictive parameters included urinalysis results (dipstick and flow cytometry), patient demographics (age and gender), and sample collection method.Results: Although more complex models achieved the highest AUCs for predicting positive cultures (highest: multilayer perceptron (MLP) with AUC of 0.884, 95% CI 0.878-0.89), multiple logistic regression (MLR) using only flow cytometry parameters achieved a very good AUC (0.858, 95% CI 0.852-0.865). To aid interpretation, prediction results of the MLP and MLR models were categorized based on likelihood ratio (LR) for positivity: highly unlikely (LR 0.1), unlikely (LR 0.3), grey zone (LR 0.9), likely (LR 5.0), and highly likely (LR 40). This resulted in 17%, 28%, 34%, 9%, and 13% of samples falling into each respective category for the MLR model and 20%, 26%, 31%, 7%, and 16% for the MLP model.Conclusions: In conclusion, this robust model has the potential to assist clinicians in their decision-making process by providing insights prior to the availability of urine culture results in a significant portion of samples (similar to 2/3rd).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing an artificial intelligence-driven model for predicting urine culture test results. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the paper is related to machine learning models for medical diagnostics, and it does not target older people or involve exergames.

[Author]   Delbes, L., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Differences of gait adaptability behavior between young and healthy older adults during a locomotor pointing task in virtual reality.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 109: 233-239.
[Abstract] Background: Gait adaptability training programs to prevent falls in healthy older adults can be proposed in virtual reality. The development of training programs requires the characterization of the target population. Research question: Before proposing an innovative training program to develop gait adaptability behavior of healthy older adults in fully immersive virtual reality, we had to compare gait adaptability behavior between healthy older adults and young adults in virtual reality. Methods: Twenty healthy older adults (with no fall history) and twenty young adults performed a goal-directed locomotion task in a totally secure virtual reality set-up. Gait adaptability behavior was investigated via a set of measures taking into account gait speed, pointing accuracy, and the evolution of the relationship between the participant and the environment through both inter-trial and trial-by-trial analyses. Mann-Whitney tests and linear regressions were performed to determine potential age differences. Results: The results reveal some common and specific strategies in gait adaptability behavior between healthy older and young adults. In both populations, successive gait adjustments depend on the state of the agent-environment system. However, older adults walked more slowly than young adults (p < .001) with a greater coupling at the end of the target approach (p = .003). Significance: In the context of fall prevention in healthy older adults, fully immersive VR appears as a relevant tool to propose relevant gait training programs to improve gait adjustments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper investigates the differences in gait adaptability behavior between young and older adults in a virtual reality setup. While it mentions the potential use of virtual reality for gait adaptability training to prevent falls in older adults, it does not report on an intervention or a randomized controlled trial. The study is more focused on characterizing the gait adaptability behavior of different age groups, rather than testing an exergame intervention.

[Author]   Delgado, F. and C. Der Ananian (2021). 
[Title]    The Use of Virtual Reality through Head-Mounted Display on Balance and Gait in Older Adults: A Scoping Review.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 10(1): 2-12.
[Abstract] Introduction:Falls are the most prominent cause of injury and injury-related deaths among older adults (OAs). Virtual reality has been utilized as a method of improving balance and gait in OAs. However, the use of virtual reality through a head-mounted display (VR-HMD) in this area is limited. Objective:The objective of this scoping review was to identify research that used VR-HMD in relation to balance and gait in OAs and to evaluate how VR-HMD is being used with this population. Materials and Methods:A systematic search of the literature was carried out from June 2019 to July 2019 through the following databases: Scopus, Web of Science, PUBMED, and PsycInfo. Eligible studies involved the use of VR-HMD to assess or intervene in balance or gait outcomes of OAs (>= 65 years). Articles were not limited to any specific study design or by the year of publication. Results:Our search identified 306 possible articles, of which eight citations met the eligibility criteria. Four studies utilized VR-HMD as an assessment tool or to perturb the balance, while the other four used VR-HMD in their interventions. Conclusions:Currently, it is not clear whether VR-HMD alone is an effective tool for improving balance and gait. However, this review suggests that it is feasible to use VR-HMD with OAs to affect balance and gait. More research is needed in this area, although there appears to be great potential in utilizing VR-HMD with OAs to improve balance outcomes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a scoping review, which means it does not include original data from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it summarizes and evaluates existing research on the use of virtual reality through head-mounted displays (VR-HMD) for balance and gait in older adults. According to the criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Delgado-Escano, R., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    A cross-dataset deep learning-based classifier for people fall detection and identification.
[Journal]  COMPUTER METHODS AND PROGRAMS IN BIOMEDICINE 184.
[Abstract] Background and Objective: Fall detection is an important problem for vulnerable sectors of the population such as elderly people, who frequently live alone. Note that a fall can be very dangerous for them if they cannot ask for help. Hence, in those situations, an automatic system that detected and informed to emergency services about the fall and subject identity could help to save lives. This way, they would know not only when but also who to help. Thus, our objective is to develop a new approach, based on deep learning, for fall detection and people identification that can be used in different datasets without any fine-tuning of the model parameters.Methods: We present a dataset-independent deep learning-based model that, by employing a multi-task learning approach, uses raw inertial information as input to solve simultaneously two tasks: fall detection and subject identification. By this way, our approach is able to automatically learn the best representations without any constraint introduced by the pre-processed features.Results: Our cross-dataset classifier is able to detect falls with more than a 98% of accuracy in four datasets recorded under different conditions (i.e. accelerometer device, sampling rate, sequence length, age of the subjects, etc.). Moreover, the number of false positives is very low - on average less than 1.6% - establishing a new state-of-the-art. Finally, our classifier is also capable of correctly identifying people with an average accuracy of 79.6%.Conclusions: The presented approach performs both tasks (fall detection and people identification) by using a single model and achieving real-time execution. The obtained results allow us to assert that a single model can be used for both fall detection and people identification under different conditions, easing its real implementation, as it is not necessary to train the model for new subjects. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on developing a deep learning-based system for fall detection and identification of people, particularly targeting the elderly. However, it does not involve an exergame intervention or any form of physical activity or cognitive training. The study is about a technological solution for detecting falls and identifying individuals, rather than using exergames to prevent falls. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Dello Iacono, A., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Vertical- vs. Horizontal-Oriented Drop Jump Training: Chronic Effects on Explosive Performances of Elite Handball Players.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF STRENGTH AND CONDITIONING RESEARCH 31(4): 921-931.
[Abstract] Dello Iacono, A, Martone, D, Milic, M, and Padulo, J. Vertical- vs. horizontal-oriented drop jump training: chronic effects on explosive performances of elite handball players. J Strength Cond Res 31(4): 921-931, 2017This study aimed to assess the chronic effects of vertical drop jump (VDJ)- and horizontal drop jump (HDJ)-based protocols on neuromuscular explosive abilities, such as jumping, sprinting, and changes of direction (COD). Eighteen elite male handball players (age 23.4 +/- 4.6 years, height 192.5 +/- 3.7 cm, weight 87.8 +/- 7.4 kg) were assigned to either VDJ or HDJ group training twice a week for 10 weeks. Participants performed 5-8 sets x 6-10 repetitions of vertical alternate (VDJ) or horizontal alternate (HDJ) 1-leg drop jumps, landing from the top of a platform 25 cm in height. Before and after training, several performance, kinetic, and kinematic variables were assessed. The HDJ led to greater improvement of the sprint time (-8.5% vs. -4%, p 0.05) and COD performance in comparison with the VDJ (-7.9% vs. -1.1%, p 0.05), whereas the VDJ caused greater improvement in the vertical jump compared with the HDJ (+8.6% vs. +4.1%, p 0.05). Moreover, the VDJ regimen compared with the HDJ induced greater changes in the kinetic variables associated with vertical jumping performance, such as peak ground reaction forces (+10.3% vs. +4.3%), relative impulse (+12.4% vs. +5.7%), leg spring stiffness (+17.6% vs. +4.6%), contact time (CT) (-10.1% vs. -1.5%), and reactive strength index (+7.2% vs. +2.1%); all comparisons with p 0.05. Conversely, the HDJ regimen was able to improve the short-distance and COD performances by increasing the step length (+3.5% vs. +1.5% with p 0.05) and reducing the CT on COD (-12.1% vs. -2.1% with p 0.05) more than the VDJ. This investigation showed the crucial role that specific plyometric regimens play in optimizing similar biomechanical featured functional performances, such as jumping, sprinting, and COD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of vertical and horizontal drop jump training on explosive performances in elite handball players, and it does not mention exergames or any intervention targeting older people. Additionally, the study is a randomized controlled trial, but it does not address fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Dennett, A. M. and N. F. Taylor (2015). 
[Title]    MACHINES THAT GO 
[Journal]  ING" MAY IMPROVE BALANCE BUT MAY NOT IMPROVE MOBILITY OR REDUCE RISK OF FALLS: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW." JOURNAL OF REHABILITATION MEDICINE 47(1): 18-30.
[Abstract] Objective: To determine the effectiveness of computer-based electronic devices that provide feedback in improving mobility and balance and reducing falls.Data sources: Randomized controlled trials were searched from the earliest available date to August 2013.Data extraction: Standardized mean differences were used to complete meta-analyses, with statistical heterogeneity being described with the I-squared statistic. The GRADE approach was used to summarize the level of evidence for each completed meta-analysis. Risk of bias for individual trials was assessed with the (Physiotherapy Evidence Database) PEDro scale.Data synthesis: Thirty trials were included. There was high-quality evidence that computerized devices can improve dynamic balance in people with a neurological condition compared with no therapy. There was low-to-moderate-quality evidence that computerized devices have no significant effect on mobility, falls efficacy and falls risk in community-dwelling older adults, and people with a neurological condition compared with physiotherapy.Conclusion: There is high-quality evidence that computerized devices that provide feedback may be useful in improving balance in people with neurological conditions compared with no therapy, but there is a lack of evidence supporting more meaningful changes in mobility and falls risk.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while it discusses the use of computer-based electronic devices to improve balance and reduce falls, it does not specifically focus on exergames.

[Author]   Derby, H., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Effects of Acute Exposure to Virtually Generated Slip Hazards during Overground Walking.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 13(23).
[Abstract] Postural instability and the inability to regain balance during slip-induced events are the leading causes of falls on the same level in occupational environments. Virtual reality (VR) provides the potential to be immersed in a realistic environment, exposing themselves to fall-risk hazards without the risk of injury real-world exposure may cause. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to compare the lower extremity joint kinematics of the slipping leg during real and virtually generated slip hazards. A secondary purpose was to investigate dynamic postural stability following acute exposure to real (REAL) and virtual (VR) environmental conditions. A total of 14 healthy participants' (7 men, 7 women; age: 23.46 +/- 3.31 years; height: 173.85 +/- 8.48 cm; mass: 82.19 +/- 11.41 kg; shoe size (men's): 9.03 +/- 2.71) knee and ankle joint kinematics were compared during exposure to both REAL and VR environments. Participants then completed a series of Timed Up-and-Go (TUG) variations (standard, cognitive, manual) at the beginning and the end of exposure to each environment. TUG-C involved backwards counting and TUG-M involved walking with an anterior load. Environmental exposure was selected in a counterbalanced order to prevent an order effect. Knee and ankle joint kinematics were analyzed separately using a 2 x 3 repeated measure ANOVA to compare environments as well as gait types at an alpha level of 0.05. TUG variations were also analyzed separately using a 3 x 3 repeated-measures ANOVA to compare TUG variations and environment. No significant differences were observed for knee or ankle joint kinematics between environments or gait types. There were also no significant interactions between environments and gait types. However, significant differences were observed for TUG-C following VR environmental conditions (p = 0.027). Post hoc comparisons revealed significantly lower times for TUG-C following VR exposure (p = 0.029). No significance was observed for TUG-S or TUG-M. Current findings suggest the potential effectiveness of VR as a means of fall prevention training for occupational populations based on improved TUG-C and similar lower extremity joint kinematics in REAL and VR conditions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on healthy, young participants (average age 23.46 years) and investigates the effects of virtually generated slip hazards during walking. While it does involve virtual reality, which can be a component of exergames, the intervention is not specifically targeted at older people, and the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Dermody, G., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    The Role of Virtual Reality in Improving Health Outcomes for Community-Dwelling Older Adults: Systematic Review.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INTERNET RESEARCH 22(6).
[Abstract] Background: Virtual reality (VR) delivered through immersive headsets creates an opportunity to deliver interventions to improve physical, mental, and psychosocial health outcomes. VR app studies with older adults have primarily focused on rehabilitation and physical function including gait, balance, fall prevention, pain management, and cognition. Several systematic reviews have previously been conducted, but much of the extant literature is focused on rehabilitation or other institutional settings, and little is known about the effectiveness of VR apps using immersive headsets to target health outcomes among community-dwelling older adults.Objective: The objective of this review was to evaluate the effectiveness of VR apps delivered using commercially available immersive headsets to improve physical, mental, or psychosocial health outcomes in community-dwelling older adults.Methods: Peer-reviewed publications that included community-dwelling older adults aged >= 60 years residing in residential aged care settings and nursing homes were included. This systematic review was conducted in accordance with the Joanna Briggs Institute (JBI) methodology for systematic reviews of effectiveness evidence. The title of this review was registered with JBI, and the systematic review protocol was registered with the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews.Results: In total, 7 studies that specifically included community-dwelling older adults were included in this review. VR apps using a head-mounted display led to improvements in a number of health outcomes, including pain management, posture, cognitive functioning specifically related to Alzheimer disease, and a decreased risk of falls. A total of 6 studies reported a statistically significant difference post VR intervention, and 1 study reported an improvement in cognitive function to reduce navigational errors. Only one study reported on the usability and acceptability of the interventions delivered through VR. While one study used a distraction mechanism for pain management, none of the studies used gaming technology to promote enjoyment.Conclusions: Interventions to improve health outcomes through VR have demonstrated potential; however, the ability to synthesize findings by primary outcome for the older adult population is not possible. A number of factors, especially related to frailty, usability, and acceptability, also need to be explored before more substantial recommendations on the effectiveness of VR interventions for older adults can be made.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it is not an original randomized controlled trial. Additionally, while the review includes studies that used virtual reality (VR) to improve health outcomes in older adults, including fall prevention, it does not specifically focus on exergames. The review also mentions that none of the studies used gaming technology to promote enjoyment, further indicating that the interventions were not exergames.

[Author]   Dervan, K., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Technology and Specialist Care for Older Patients in the Post Covid-19 Era.
[Journal]  JAR life 9: 35-39.
[Abstract] The COVID-19 pandemic poses a major challenge to delivering multi-disciplinary complex care for older patients. Modern technology can assist in providing such care. This article highlights efforts to bridge the "digital divide" between generations and addresses the beneficial impact telemedicine has on older people's lifestyles. Novel triage models for accessing emergency care which were successful for patients of all age groups including those over 65 years are described. Moreover, innovative successful approaches to the outpatient assessment of older patients with complex chronic health conditions using telemedicine are highlighted. Furthermore, innovative solutions piloted in remote areas of Australia offer promise for telemedicine-lead remote assessment of older patients, and the results are encouraging compared to in-person consultations. The experience with a General Practitioner (GP)/specialist online real-time interaction model for remote management of HF in mainly older people has also been encouraging. The use of telemedicine in falls prevention has produced impressive results in high-risk older patients albeit with some ambivalence from older participants. Virtual reality rehabilitation programmes have produced better physical outcomes than traditional rehabilitation programmes. Furthermore, telerehabilitation for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and HF have shown to be both feasible and effective. To maximise their benefits in the difficult post-COVID-19 period, technologies must be embraced by both physicians and older patients. Online community care platforms discussed have demonstrated a positive, tangible impact on the lifestyle of the older generation. Furthermore, educational guidelines can assist in implementing the fundamentals of telemedicine, but for the widespread successful and safe integration of these services, adoption of regulatory frameworks with a focus on ethical issues of telehealth is imperative.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper discusses the use of various technologies, including telemedicine and virtual reality, for the care of older patients in the post-COVID-19 era. While it mentions that virtual reality rehabilitation programs have produced better physical outcomes than traditional rehabilitation programs and that telemedicine has been used in falls prevention, it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The paper is more broadly about the application of technology in healthcare for older people, and it does not meet the criteria of being a randomized controlled trial focused on exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Desai, B., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Virtual reality use in pediatric patients for orthopedic clinical procedures: A randomized prospective trial of efficacy.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF CHILDRENS ORTHOPAEDICS 18(4): 414-420.
[Abstract] Background: Distraction therapy use such as virtual reality is novel in the pediatric orthopedic field. In this study, we use subjective and objective metrics to evaluate virtual reality efficacy to reduce anxiety and pain in a pediatric orthopedic cohort.Methods: A prospective randomized controlled trial included patients between age 5 and 17 years, presenting to a tertiary care pediatric orthopedic clinic. Parallel groups underwent orthopedic procedures in clinic, utilizing immersive and interactive virtual reality distraction therapies versus standard of care. Procedures included cast application, cast removal, bone pin removal, and fracture reduction. All preprocedure parameters were similar between the groups. Primary outcome was the difference between maximum procedural heart rate and baseline. Secondary outcomes included Wong Baker FACES Rating Scale (Wong & Baker, 1988, Oklahoma, USA) for pain and Visual Analog Scale scores for anxiety.Results: Ninety-five patients (66 M, 29 F) underwent 59 cast removals, 26 cast applications, 7 percutaneous pin removals, and 3 fracture reductions. Average patient age in the virtual reality and control cohorts was 10.1 (5-17) and 10.6 (5-17), respectively. Average change in maximum heart rate in the virtual reality and control groups was 10.6 +/- 10.1 versus 18.4 +/- 11.0 (p = 0.00048). The virtual reality group demonstrated trends toward lower perceived anxiety (1.7 +/- 2.8 versus 2.9 +/- 3.6, p = 0.0666) when compared to controls.Conclusions: This level 1 study is the first to utilize objective biometric measurements to evaluate use of interactive virtual reality during multiple types of pediatric orthopedic procedures in the clinical setting. The findings suggest that an interactive and immersive virtual reality experience can be effective in reducing pain and anxiety.Level of evidence: Level 1, Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) to reduce anxiety and pain in pediatric patients undergoing orthopedic procedures. The intervention targets children, not older people, and the focus is on orthopedic procedures rather than fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Deschamps, T., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    A decision model to predict the risk of the first fall onset.
[Journal]  EXPERIMENTAL GERONTOLOGY 81: 51-55.
[Abstract] Background: Miscellaneous features from various domains are accepted to be associated with the risk of falling in the elderly. However, only few studies have focused on establishing clinical tools to predict the risk of the first fall onset. A model that would objectively and easily evaluate the risk of a first fall occurrence in the coming year still needs to be built.Objectives: We developed a model based on machine learning, which might help the medical staff predict the risk of the first fall onset in a one-year time window.Participants/measurements: Overall, 426 older adults who had never fallen were assessed on 73 variables, comprising medical, social and physical outcomes, at t0. Each fall was recorded at a prospective 1-year follow-up. A decision tree was built on a randomly selected training subset of the cohort (80% of the full-set) and validated on an independent test set.Results: 82 participants experienced a first fall during the follow-up. The machine learning process independently extracted 13 powerful parameters and built a model showing 89% of accuracy for the overall classification with 83%-82% of true positive fallers and 96%-61% of true negative non-fallers (training set vs. independent test set).Conclusion: This study provides a pilot tool that could easily help the gerontologists refine the evaluation of the risk of the first fall onset and prioritize the effective prevention strategies. The study also offers a transparent framework for future, related investigation that would validate the clinical relevance of the established model by independently testing its accuracy on larger cohort. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on developing a decision model to predict the risk of the first fall in older adults using machine learning. It does not involve an exergame intervention or any other form of exercise or cognitive training. The study is also not a randomized controlled trial but rather a predictive modeling study. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Desmet, D. M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Adaptive multi-objective control explains how humans make lateral maneuvers while walking.
[Journal]  PLOS COMPUTATIONAL BIOLOGY 18(11).
[Abstract] To successfully traverse their environment, humans often perform maneuvers to achieve desired task goals while simultaneously maintaining balance. Humans accomplish these tasks primarily by modulating their foot placements. As humans are more unstable laterally, we must better understand how humans modulate lateral foot placement. We previously developed a theoretical framework and corresponding computational models to describe how humans regulate lateral stepping during straight-ahead continuous walking. We identified goal functions for step width and lateral body position that define the walking task and determine the set of all possible task solutions as Goal Equivalent Manifolds (GEMs). Here, we used this framework to determine if humans can regulate lateral stepping during non-steady-state lateral maneuvers by minimizing errors consistent with these goal functions. Twenty young healthy adults each performed four lateral lane-change maneuvers in a virtual reality environment. Extending our general lateral stepping regulation framework, we first re-examined the requirements of such transient walking tasks. Doing so yielded new theoretical predictions regarding how steps during any such maneuver should be regulated to minimize error costs, consistent with the goals required at each step and with how these costs are adapted at each step during the maneuver. Humans performed the experimental lateral maneuvers in a manner consistent with our theoretical predictions. Furthermore, their stepping behavior was well modeled by allowing the parameters of our previous lateral stepping models to adapt from step to step. To our knowledge, our results are the first to demonstrate humans might use evolving cost landscapes in real time to perform such an adaptive motor task and, furthermore, that such adaptation can occur quickly-over only one step. Thus, the predictive capabilities of our general stepping regulation framework extend to a much greater range of walking tasks beyond just normal, straight-ahead walking.Author summaryWhen we walk in the real world, we rarely walk continuously in a straight line. Indeed, we regularly have to perform other tasks like stepping aside to avoid an obstacle in our path (either fixed or moving, like another person coming towards us). While we have to be highly maneuverable to accomplish such tasks, we must also maintain balance to avoid falling while doing so. This is challenging because walking humans are inherently more unstable side-to-side. Sideways falls are particularly dangerous for older adults as they can lead to hip fractures. Here, we establish a theoretical basis for how people might accomplish such maneuvers. We show that humans execute a simple lateral lane-change maneuver consistent with our theoretical predictions. Importantly, our simulations show they can do so by adapting at each step the same step-to-step regulation strategies they use to walk straight ahead. Moreover, these same control processes also explain how humans trade-off side-to-side stability to gain the maneuverability they need to perform such lateral maneuvers.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on understanding how humans, specifically young healthy adults, make lateral maneuvers while walking using a virtual reality environment. Although the abstract mentions that sideways falls can be particularly dangerous for older adults, the study does not target older people, nor does it use exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The primary focus is on the theoretical framework and computational models to describe human stepping behavior during lateral maneuvers. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Deveze, A., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Vestibular compensation and vestibular rehabilitation. Current concepts and new trends.
[Journal]  NEUROPHYSIOLOGIE CLINIQUE-CLINICAL NEUROPHYSIOLOGY 44(1): 49-57.
[Abstract] The aim of this review is to present the current knowledge of the mechanisms underlying the vestibular compensation and demonstrating how the vestibular rehabilitation is conducted to help the recovery of balance function. Vestibular rehabilitation is based on improving the natural phenomenon called vestibular compensation that occurs after acute vestibular disturbance or chronic and gradual misbalance. Central compensation implies three main mechanisms namely adaptation, substitution and habituation. The compensation, aided by the rehabilitation aimed to compensate and/or to correct the underused or misused of the visual, proprioceptive and vestibular inputs involved in the postural control. As the strategy of equilibration is not corrected, the patient is incompletely cured and remains with inappropriate balance control with its significance on the risk of fall and impact on quality of life. The vestibular rehabilitation helps to correct inappropriate strategy of equilibrium or to accelerate a good but slow compensation phenomenon. Nowadays, new tools are more and more employed for the.diagnosis of vestibular deficit (that may include various sources of impairment), the assessment of postural deficit, the control of the appropriate strategy as well to facilitate the efficiency of the rehabilitation especially in elderly people. (c) 2013 Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a review focused on the mechanisms of vestibular compensation and vestibular rehabilitation, including new tools for diagnosis and assessment. It does not specifically discuss the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. Additionally, it is a review, which means it does not include original data from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Di Lorito, C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Exercise interventions for older adults: A systematic review of meta-analyses.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SPORT AND HEALTH SCIENCE 10(1): 29-47.
[Abstract] Background: The evidence concerning which physical exercise characteristics are most effective for older adults is fragmented. We aimed to characterize the extent of this diversity and inconsistency and identify future directions for research by undertaking a systematic review of meta-analyses of exercise interventions in older adults.Methods: We searched the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Psyclnfo, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, AMED, SPORTDiscus, and Web of Science for articles that met the following criteria: (1) meta-analyses that synthesized measures of improvement (e.g., effect sizes) on any outcome identified in studies of exercise interventions; (2) participants in the studies meta-analyzed were adults aged 65+ or had a mean age of 70+; (3) meta-analyses that included studies of any type of exercise, including its duration, frequency, intensity, and mode of delivery; (4) interventions that included multiple components (e.g., exercise and cognitive stimulation), with effect sizes that were computed separately for the exercise component; and (5) meta-analyses that were published in any year or language. The characteristics of the reviews, of the interventions, and of the parameters improved through exercise were reported through narrative synthesis. Identification of the interventions linked to the largest improvements was carried out by identifying the highest values for improvement recorded across the reviews. The study included 56 meta-analyses that were heterogeneous in relation to population, sample size, settings, outcomes, and intervention characteristics.Results: The largest effect sizes for improvement were found for resistance training, meditative movement interventions, and exercise-based active videogames.Conclusion: The review identified important gaps in research, including a lack of studies investigating the benefits of group interventions, the characteristics of professionals delivering the interventions associated with better outcomes, and the impact of motivational strategies and of significant others (e.g., carers) on intervention delivery and outcomes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review of meta-analyses, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the paper mentions exercise-based active videogames, it does not specifically focus on exergames for fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Diaz-Bejarano, E., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Thermo-hydraulic analysis of refinery heat exchangers undergoing fouling.
[Journal]  AICHE JOURNAL 63(3): 984-1001.
[Abstract] A complete, systematic approach is presented for the analysis and characterization of fouling and cleaning in refinery heat exchangers. Bringing together advanced thermo-hydraulic dynamic models, some new formulations, and a method for dynamic analysis of plant data, it allows: extracting significant information from the data; evaluating the fouling state of the units based on thermal measurements and pressure drops, if available; identifying the range of deposit conductivity leading to realistic pressure drops, if pressure measurements are unavailable; estimating key fouling and ageing parameters; estimating the effectiveness of cleaning and surface conditions after a clean; and predicting thermal and hydraulic performance with good accuracy for other periods/exchangers operating in similar conditions. An industrial case study demonstrates the performance prediction in seamless simulations that include partial and total cleanings for over 1000 days operation. The risks of using thermal effects alone and the significant advantages of including pressure drop measurements are highlighted. (c) 2016 American Institute of Chemical Engineers AIChE J, 63: 984-1001, 2017
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the thermo-hydraulic analysis of refinery heat exchangers and does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Diaz-Bejarano, E., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    A Model-Based Method for Visualization, Monitoring, and Diagnosis of Fouling in Heat Exchangers.
[Journal]  INDUSTRIAL & ENGINEERING CHEMISTRY RESEARCH 59(10): 4602-4619.
[Abstract] A critical review of current methods for monitoring the performance of heat exchangers in the presence of fouling highlights a number of pitfalls. An improved analysis method and visualization of operation data (the TH-lambda plot) are proposed, which enable to accurately and rapidly estimate the location and extent of fouling, the properties of the deposit, and their impact on exchanger performance. The method uses advanced dynamic thermo-hydraulic models to analyze the data. The visualization presents this information in a way easily interpreted by field engineers. The superior features are demonstrated on various applications, where traditional methods give poor visibility or outright wrong information about underlying events. These include organic fouling deposition and aging, incomplete cleaning, multicomponent deposits, and changes in fouling behavior. First, the basic concepts are illustrated with idealized examples (constant inlet conditions, using simulated data). The approach is then applied to three real refining case studies, with pressure drop either measured or generated via soft sensors. The results show that the advanced dynamic models used enable to properly integrate and interpret highly variable data measurements, explain complex underlying thermal and hydraulic effects, adequately monitor performance, and rapidly detect changes in fouling behavior. The approach provides a new practical tool for monitoring of heat exchanger performance and early fouling diagnosis.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a method for visualizing, monitoring, and diagnosing fouling in heat exchangers. It does not meet any of the criteria related to using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   DiCesare, C. A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    High-Risk Lower-Extremity Biomechanics Evaluated in Simulated Soccer-Specific Virtual Environments.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SPORT REHABILITATION 29(3): 294-300.
[Abstract] Context: Laboratory-based biomechanical analyses of sport-relevant movements such as landing and cutting have classically been used to quantify kinematic and kinetic factors in the context of injury risk, which are then used to inform targeted interventions designed to improve risky movement patterns during sport. However, the noncontextual nature of standard assessments presents challenges for assessing sport-relevant skill transfer. Objective: To examine injury-risk biomechanical differences exhibited by athletes during a jump-landing task performed as part of both a standard biomechanical assessment and a simulated, sport-specific virtual reality (VR)-based assessment. Design: Observational study. Setting: Medical center laboratory. Participants: Twenty-two female adolescent soccer athletes (age = 16.0 [1.4] y, height = 165.6 [4.9] cm, and weight = 60.2 [11.4] kg). Interventions: The landing performance was analyzed for a drop vertical jump task and a VR-based, soccer-specific corner-kick scenario in which the athletes were required to jump to head a virtual soccer ball and land. Main Outcome Measures: Hip, knee, and ankle joint kinematic differences in the frontal and sagittal planes. Results: Athletes exhibited reduced hip and ankle flexion, hip abduction, and frontal plane ankle excursion during landing in realistic sport scenario compared with the standard drop vertical jump task. Conclusion: VR-based assessments can provide a sport-specific context in which to assess biomechanical deficits that predispose athletes for lower-extremity injury and offer a promising approach to better evaluate skill transfer to sport that can guide future injury prevention efforts.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on young female soccer athletes and uses a virtual reality (VR) environment to assess biomechanical differences during a jump-landing task. The intervention does not target older people, and the study design is observational rather than a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Dickerson-Young, T., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Pediatric Emergency Medicine Disaster Simulation Curriculum: The 5-Minute Trauma Assessment for Pediatric Residents (TRAP-5).
[Journal]  MedEdPORTAL : the journal of teaching and learning resources 16: 10940-10940.
[Abstract] Introduction: Pediatric trauma management is a high-stress, high-risk, low-frequency event, and exposure through simulation can help identify and address knowledge gaps. Pediatric residents are likely to provide care for children with traumatic injuries, and it is important they are skilled in performing a rapid trauma assessment.Methods: We developed a simulation-based rapid pediatric trauma assessment curriculum for pediatric residents in the setting of a mass casualty disaster. The patients were 5-year-olds portrayed by mannequins with varying injuries including intracranial hemorrhage, solid organ injury, and open extremity fractures. Critical actions included assigning roles, completing primary assessment within 2 minutes, and giving summary statement and management priorities within 5 minutes using clear communication techniques. We created a badge-sized reference card as well as scenario-specific debriefing tools to facilitate assessment and discussion of learning objectives following the simulation.Results: We conducted two sessions with a total of 49 participants. The case was rated as highly relevant (session 1, m = 4.7; session 2, m = 4.9) and realistic (session 1, m = 4.8; session 2, m = 4.4) by participants on a 5-point Likert scale. During the two sessions participants completed the primary survey in an average of 2.46 and 2.29 minutes, respectively, and the secondary survey with summary statement in an average of 5.08 and 4.27 minutes, respectively.Discussion: This educational resource supports the setup, production, and debriefing of a low-fidelity simulation focused on the pediatric trauma assessment for the novice learner. Also included are educational reference materials and a participant evaluation form.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a simulation-based rapid pediatric trauma assessment curriculum for pediatric residents, which does not meet the criteria for using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are pediatric residents, and the focus is on trauma assessment in a disaster setting, not on fall prevention or exergames for older people.

[Author]   Diener, J., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Effectiveness and Acceptability of e- and m-Health Interventions to Promote Physical Activity and Prevent Falls in Nursing Homes-A Systematic Review.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PHYSIOLOGY 13.
[Abstract] Age-related decreases in physical activity (PA) and a decline in physical functioning lead to increased fall risk. As falls are a major cause of accidental deaths and hospitalization in older adults, PA promotion and fall prevention are important measures, especially in nursing homes (NH). With advances in information and communication technology, e- and m-health solutions have been developed to positively influence various health-related factors. To date, only little research exists on the implementation of these technologies to promote health in NH. Therefore, the objective of this systematic review was to provide an overview of the effectiveness, acceptability, and feasibility of e- and m-health interventions aimed at promoting PA and preventing falls in NH. Additionally, the effectiveness of such interventions regarding the secondary outcomes physical function, cognitive function, neuropsychiatric symptoms, and psychosocial status was examined. A systematic literature search was performed in five databases and studies published until 15 November 2021, were considered for inclusion. All studies that examined the effectiveness and/or the acceptability and feasibility of e- or m-health interventions in promoting PA and preventing falls in NH, without restriction on language or date of publication, were included in the final synthesis. Of the 1,358 records retrieved, 28 studies were included in this systematic review. Twenty-four studies contained digital exergaming as an intervention or as a part of the intervention, the four additional studies on e-health interventions only examined a small number of outcomes. No m-health intervention study was identified. Data synthesis indicates that exergaming may be effective in reducing the number of falls and fall risk in NH residents. Several significant improvements were also reported regarding secondary outcomes albeit not consistent across studies. No conclusion can be drawn about the effects of exergaming and other e-health interventions on PA, as data is scarce. E-health interventions were mostly reported as feasible and well accepted by NH residents. However, these findings may not be applicable to NH residents with advanced physical and/or cognitive impairments, since they were excluded in many studies. Therefore, more research examining other digital solutions besides exergaming to promote PA in this specific population is critical.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the review includes studies that use exergames and targets older people, it also covers other e-health interventions and does not focus solely on exergames.

[Author]   Diniz, J. L., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Purposes and characteristics of virtual reality technologies for the elderly in the community: a scoping review.
[Journal]  REVISTA LATINO-AMERICANA DE ENFERMAGEM 32.
[Abstract] Objective: to map the characteristics and purposes of Virtual Reality (VR) technologies for the elderly in the community. Method: scoping review, according to JBI recommendations and described according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and MetaAnalyses Extension for Scoping Reviews. Ten databases and four platforms referring to gray literature were included. Studies were selected after duplicates were removed and individual and peer reviews were carried out. Similarity analysis was used to identify competition between words and their results. Results: 20 studies on VR for the elderly were mapped, the majority of which used nonimmersive devices. The main purpose of using VR with the elderly is to improve and/or rehabilitate functions that decline with aging, either physiologically or as a result of illness or injury. VR devices are a potential tool for the prevention of falls and cognitive decline and favor the performance of instrumental activities of daily living. Similarity analysis resulted in the generation of a maximum tree, which identified the interrelationship between the terms "virtual reality" and "elderly" as the central and intermediate elements, respectively. Conclusion: it is recommended that further studies be carried out in other environments, which could allow for a wider use of VR by health professionals, especially nurses, in the care provided to the elderly.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a scoping review, which does not meet the criteria of including randomized controlled trials with original data. Additionally, while it mentions the use of virtual reality (VR) for the elderly and its potential for fall prevention, it does not specifically focus on exergames as an intervention.

[Author]   Diniz-Filho, A., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Evaluation of Postural Control in Patients with Glaucoma Using a Virtual Reality Environment.
[Journal]  OPHTHALMOLOGY 122(6): 1131-1138.
[Abstract] Purpose: To evaluate postural control using a dynamic virtual reality environment and the relationship between postural metrics and history of falls in patients with glaucoma.Design: Cross-sectional study.Participants: The study involved 42 patients with glaucoma with repeatable visual field defects on standard automated perimetry (SAP) and 38 control healthy subjects.Methods: Patients underwent evaluation of postural stability by a force platform during presentation of static and dynamic visual stimuli on stereoscopic head-mounted goggles. The dynamic visual stimuli presented rotational and translational ecologically valid peripheral background perturbations. Postural stability was also tested in a completely dark field to assess somatosensory and vestibular contributions to postural control. History of falls was evaluated by a standard questionnaire.Main Outcome Measures: Torque moments around the center of foot pressure on the force platform were measured, and the standard deviations of the torque moments (STD) were calculated as a measurement of postural stability and reported in Newton meters (Nm). The association with history of falls was investigated using Poisson regression models. Age, gender, body mass index, severity of visual field defect, best-corrected visual acuity, and STD on dark field condition were included as confounding factors.Results: Patients with glaucoma had larger overall STD than controls during both translational (5.12 +/- 2.39 Nm vs. 3.85 +/- 1.82 Nm, respectively; P = 0.005) and rotational stimuli (5.60 +/- 3.82 Nm vs. 3.93 +/- 2.07 Nm, respectively; P = 0.022). Postural metrics obtained during dynamic visual stimuli performed better in explaining history of falls compared with those obtained in static and dark field condition. In the multivariable model, STD values in the mediolateral direction during translational stimulus were significantly associated with a history of falls in patients with glaucoma (incidence rate ratio, 1.85; 95% confidence interval, 1.30-2.63; P = 0.001).Conclusions: The study presented and validated a novel paradigm for evaluation of balance control in patients with glaucoma on the basis of the assessment of postural reactivity to dynamic visual stimuli using a virtual reality environment. The newly developed metrics were associated with a history of falls and may help to provide a better understanding of balance control in patients with glaucoma. (C) 2015 by the American Academy of Ophthalmology.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study evaluates postural control in patients with glaucoma using a virtual reality environment, but it does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using an exergame as an intervention, or including randomized controlled trials. The study is a cross-sectional study and focuses on evaluating postural metrics and their relationship with the history of falls, rather than an intervention to prevent falls.

[Author]   Dixon, D. H. (2024). 
[Title]    Introducing the Single Player Offline Game Corpus (SPOC): a corpus of seven registers from digital role-playing games.
[Journal]  CORPORA 19(1): 107-122.
[Abstract] This paper describes the compilation and design of the Single Player Offline Game Corpus (spoc), which is being made freely available for research and educational purposes. The spoc was compiled by extracting the localisation files from the digital directories of four popular commercial digital role-playing games: Divinity: Original Sin II, Fallout 4, the Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, and the Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. The 3.7 million word corpus contains more than 30,000 texts and is unique compared with other game corpora in that it has the following three characteristics: (1) the texts are categorised into seven registers using Biber and Conrad's (2019) register framework, (2) texts are systematically parsed into the smallest meaningful units of observation, and (3) all texts were compiled from the data files of the games themselves. Nearly all language use in the four games is accounted for and parsed into register categories based on their underlying situational characteristics - in particular, the communicative purposes and the associated contexts in which the texts appear in the games.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the compilation and design of a corpus from digital role-playing games, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Specifically, the intervention targets are not older people, the focus is on language and text data rather than exergames, and there are no randomized controlled trials or results related to fall prevention.

[Author]   do Nascimento, C. F. and A. F. d. M. Batista (2022). 
[Title]    Early identification of older individuals at risk of mobility decline with machine learning.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF GERONTOLOGY AND GERIATRICS 100.
[Abstract] Background: : The early identification of individuals at risk of mobility decline can improve targeted strategies of prevention. Aims: : To evaluate the predictive performance of machine learning (ML) algorithms in identifying older individuals at risk of future mobility decline. Methods: : We used data from the SABE Study (Health, Well-being and Aging Study), a representative sample of people aged 60 years and more, living in the Municipality of Sa tilde o Paulo, Brazil. Mobility decline was assessed 5 years after admission in the study by self-reported difficulty to walk a block, climb steps, being able to stoop, crouch and kneel, or lifting or carrying weights greater than 5 kg. Popular machine learning algorithms were trained in 70% of the sample with 10-fold cross-validation, and predictive performance metrics were obtained from applying the trained algorithms to the other 30% (test set). Results: : Of the 1,615 individuals, 48% developed difficulty in at least one of the four tasks, 32% in stooping, crouching and kneeling, and 30% in carrying weights. The random forest algorithm had the best predictive performance for most outcomes. The tasks that the algorithm was able to predict with better performance were crouching and kneeling (AUC-ROC: 0.81[0.76-0.85]), and lifting or carrying weights (AUC-ROC: 0.80 [0.75-0.84]). Age was the most important variable for the algorithms, followed by education and back pain, according to the SHAP (SHapley Additive exPlanations) values. Conclusion: : Applications of ML algorithms are a promising tool to identify older patients at risk of mobility decline, with the potential of improving targeted preventive programs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on using machine learning algorithms to predict mobility decline in older individuals. It does not mention the use of exergames or any form of virtual reality, video games, or electronic games as an intervention. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial involving an exergame intervention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Dobs, K., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Behavioral signatures of face perception emerge in deep neural networks optimized for face recognition.
[Journal]  PROCEEDINGS OF THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 120(32).
[Abstract] Human face recognition is highly accurate and exhibits a number of distinctive and well-documented behavioral "signatures" such as the use of a characteristic representa-tional space, the disproportionate performance cost when stimuli are presented upside down, and the drop in accuracy for faces from races the participant is less familiar with. These and other phenomena have long been taken as evidence that face recognition is "special". But why does human face perception exhibit these properties in the first place? Here, we use deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to test the hypothesis that all of these signatures of human face perception result from optimization for the task of face recognition. Indeed, as predicted by this hypothesis, these phenomena are all found in CNNs trained on face recognition, but not in CNNs trained on object recognition, even when additionally trained to detect faces while matching the amount of face experience. To test whether these signatures are in principle specific to faces, we optimized a CNN on car discrimination and tested it on upright and inverted car images. As we found for face perception, the car-trained network showed a drop in performance for inverted vs. upright cars. Similarly, CNNs trained on inverted faces produced an inverted face inversion effect. These findings show that the behavioral signatures of human face perception reflect and are well explained as the result of optimization for the task of face recognition, and that the nature of the computations underlying this task may not be so special after all.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of deep neural networks to understand the behavioral signatures of human face perception. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Dockx, K., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Virtual reality for rehabilitation in Parkinson's disease.
[Journal]  COCHRANE DATABASE OF SYSTEMATIC REVIEWS(12).
[Abstract] BackgroundParkinson's disease (PD) is a neurodegenerative disorder that is best managed by a combination of medication and regular physiotherapy. In this context, virtual reality (VR) technology is proposed as a new rehabilitation tool with a possible added value over traditional physiotherapy approaches. It potentially optimises motor learning in a safe environment, and by replicating real-life scenarios could help improve functional activities of daily living.ObjectivesThe objective of this review was to summarise the current best evidence for the effectiveness of VR interventions for the rehabilitation of people with PD in comparison with 1) active interventions, and 2) passive interventions. Our primary goal was to determine the effect of VR training on gait and balance. Secondary goals included examining the effects of VR on global motor function, activities of daily living, quality of life, cognitive function, exercise adherence, and the occurrence of adverse events.Search methodsWe identified relevant articles through electronic searches of the Cochrane Movement Disorders Group Trials Register, the Cochrane CentralRegister of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (the Cochrane Library), MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, the Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro), online trials registers, and by handsearching reference lists. We carried out all searches up until 26 November 2016. Selection criteria We searched for randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials of VR exercise interventions in people with PD. We included only trials where motor rehabilitation was the primary goal.Data collection and analysisTwo review authors independently searched for trials that corresponded to the predefined inclusion criteria. We independently extracted and assessed all data for methodological quality. A third review author was responsible for conflict resolution when required.Main resultsWe included 8 trials involving 263 people with PD in the review. Risk of bias was unclear or high for all but one of the included studies. Study sample sizes were small, and there was a large amount of heterogeneity between trials with regard to study design and the outcome measures used. As a result, we graded the quality of the evidence as low or very low. Most of the studies intended to improve motor function using commercially available devices, which were compared with physiotherapy. The interventions lasted for between 4 and 12 weeks.In comparison to physiotherapy, VR may lead to a moderate improvement in step and stride length (standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.69, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.30 to 1.08; 3 studies; 106 participants; low-quality evidence). VR and physiotherapy interventions may have similar effects on gait (SMD 0.20, 95% CI -0.14 to 0.55; 4 studies; 129 participants; low-quality evidence), balance (SMD 0.34, 95% CI -0.04 to 0.71; 5 studies; 155 participants; low-quality evidence), and quality of life (mean difference 3.73 units, 95% CI -2.16 to 9.61; 4 studies; 106 participants). VR interventions did not lead to any reported adverse events, and exercise adherence did not differ between VR and other intervention arms.The evidence available comparing VR exercise with a passive control was more limited. The evidence for the main outcomes of interest was of very low quality due to the very small sample sizes of the two studies available for this comparison.Authors' conclusionsWe found low-quality evidence of a positive effect of short-term VR exercise on step and stride length. VR and physiotherapy may have similar effects on gait, balance, and quality of life. The evidence available comparing VR with passive control interventions was more limited. Additional high-quality, large-scale studies are needed to confirm these findings.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review (as indicated by the journal name "COCHRANE DATABASE OF SYSTEMATIC REVIEWS") and does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while it discusses the use of virtual reality (VR) for rehabilitation in Parkinson's disease, it does not specifically focus on the prevention of falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Doelling, J., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Copper-Based Alloys with Optimized Hardness and High Conductivity: Research on Precipitation Hardening of Low-Alloyed Binary CuSc Alloys.
[Journal]  METALS 12(6).
[Abstract] Copper alloys, combining optimized strength with high electrical and thermal conductivity, are analyzed in-depth, in order to meet the increasing requirements of today's and tomorrow's applications in the electrical and automotive industries. The conducted research analyzes alloys with up to 0.3 wt.% scandium, as an alloying element with limited solubility in copper. For the simultaneous enhancement of mechanical strength and conductivity, precipitation hardening is the conducted process method, accompanied by experimental and simulation-based investigations. Therefore, the influence of aging temperatures, in the range of 350 degrees C to 500 degrees C, is analyzed in combination with 25%, 50%, and 75% prior cold deformation. CuSc starts precipitating at 375 degrees C, without prior cold working, whereas mechanical deformation refines the growing intermetallic precipitates. Higher temperatures improve the formation of precipitates but carry the risk of overaging. The first key achievement is to use a thoroughly examined thermomechanical treatment, investigating the growth of precipitates to reach significantly higher hardness than the benchmark alloy, CuZr0.15. Furthermore, the analyzed CuSc alloys show advantages in the investigated recrystallization behavior, making them, especially, applicable for higher operating temperatures. Future research will assess ternary alloying combinations, to further scoop the latent potential of CuSc alloys.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the metallurgical properties and processing of copper-based alloys, specifically focusing on the precipitation hardening of CuSc (Copper-Scandium) alloys. It does not discuss exergames, fall prevention in the elderly, or any related interventions.

[Author]   Dona, F., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Changes in postural control in patients with Parkinson's disease: a posturographic study.
[Journal]  PHYSIOTHERAPY 102(3): 272-279.
[Abstract] Objectives Postural instability is one of the most disabling features in Parkinson's disease (PD), and often leads to falls that reduce mobility and functional capacity. The objectives of this study were to analyse the limit of stability (LOS) and influence of the manipulation of visual, somatosensorial and visual vestibular information on postural control in patients with PD and healthy subjects.Design Cross-sectional.Setting Movement Disorders Unit, university setting.Participants Eighty-two subjects aged between 37 and 83 years: 41 with Parkinson's disease in the 'on' state and 41 healthy subjects with no neurological disorders. Both groups were matched in terms of sex and age.Main outcome measures Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS)-motor score, modified Hoehn and Yahr staging, Dynamic Gait Index (DGI) and posturography with integrated virtual reality. The parameters analysed by posturography were LOS area, area of body centre of pressure excursion and balance functional reserve in the standing position in 10 conditions (open and closed eyes, unstable surface with eyes closed, saccadic and optokinetic stimuli, and visual vestibular interaction).Results The mean UPDRS motor score and DGI score were 27 [standard deviation (SD) 14] and 21 (SD 3), respectively. Thirteen participants scored between 0 and 19 points, indicating major risk of falls. Posturographic assessment showed that patients with PD had significantly lower LOS area and balance functional reserve values, and greater body sway area in all posturographic conditions compared with healthy subjects.Conclusions Patients with PD have reduced LOS area and greater postural sway compared with healthy subjects. The deterioration in postural control was significantly associated with major risk of falls. (C) 2015 Chartered Society of Physiotherapy. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about analyzing postural control in patients with Parkinson's disease using posturography with integrated virtual reality. While it involves older people and a form of virtual reality, it does not specifically focus on exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study design is cross-sectional, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Donath, L., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Effects of Virtual Reality Training (Exergaming) Compared to Alternative Exercise Training and Passive Control on Standing Balance and Functional Mobility in Healthy Community-Dwelling Seniors: A Meta-Analytical Review.
[Journal]  SPORTS MEDICINE 46(9): 1293-1309.
[Abstract] Background Balance training is considered an important means to decrease fall rates in seniors. Whether virtual reality training (VRT) might serve as an appropriate treatment strategy to improve neuromuscular fall risk parameters in comparison to alternative balance training programs (AT) is as yet unclear.Objective To examine and classify the effects of VRT on fall-risk relevant balance performance and functional mobility compared to AT and an inactive control condition (CON) in healthy seniors.Data Sources The literature search was conducted in five databases (CINAHL, EMBASE, ISI Web of Knowledge, PubMed, SPORTDiscus). The following search terms were used with Boolean conjunction: (exergam* OR exer-gam* OR videogam* OR video-gam* OR video-based OR computer-based OR Wii OR Nintendo OR X-box OR Kinect OR play-station OR playstation OR virtua* realit* OR dance dance revolution) AND (sport* OR train* OR exercis* OR intervent* OR balanc* OR strength OR coordina* OR motor control OR postur* OR power OR physical* OR activit* OR health* OR fall* risk OR prevent*) AND (old* OR elder* OR senior*).Study Selection Randomized and non-randomized controlled trials applying VRT as interventions focusing on improving standing balance performance (single and double leg stance with closed and open eyes, functional reach test) and functional mobility (Berg balance scale, Timed-up and go test, Tinetti test) in healthy community-dwelling seniors of at least 60 years of age were screened for eligibility.Data Extraction Eligibility and study quality (PEDro scale) were independently assessed by two researchers. Standardized mean differences (SMDs) served as main outcomes for the comparisons of VRT versus CON and VRT versus AT on balance performance and functional mobility indices. Statistical analyses were conducted using a random effects inverse-variance model.Results Eighteen trials (mean PEDro score: 6 +/- 2) with 619 healthy community dwellers were included. The mean age of participants was 76 +/- 5 years. Meaningful effects in favor of VRT compared to CON were found for balance performance [p < 0.001, SMD: 0.77 (95 % CI 0.45-1.09)] and functional mobility [p = 0.004, SMD: 0.56 (95 % CI 0.25-0.78)]. Small overall effects in favor of AT compared to VRT were found for standing balance performance [p = 0.31, SMD: -0.35 (95 % CI - 1.03 to 0.32)] and functional mobility [p = 0.05, SMD: -0.44 (95 % CI: 0.87 to 0.00)]. Sensitivity analyses between "weaker'' (n = 9, PEDro <= 5) and "stronger'' (n = 9, PEDro >= 6) studies indicated that weaker studies showed larger effects in favor of VRT compared to CON regarding balance performance (p < 0.001).Conclusions Although slightly less effective than AT, VRT-based balance training is an acceptable method for improving balance performance as well as functional mobility outcomes in healthy community dwellers. VRT might serve as an attractive complementary training approach for the elderly. However, more high-quality research is needed in order to derive valid VRT recommendations compared to both AT and CON.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a meta-analytical review, which means it does not include original data from randomized controlled trials. According to the criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included.

[Author]   Dong, J., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Machine learning-based intradialytic hypotension prediction of patients undergoing hemodialysis: A multicenter retrospective study.
[Journal]  COMPUTER METHODS AND PROGRAMS IN BIOMEDICINE 240.
[Abstract] Background and Objective: Intradialytic hypotension (IDH) is closely associated with adverse clinical out-comes in HD-patients. An IDH predictor model is important for IDH risk screening and clinical decision-making. In this study, we used Machine learning (ML) to develop IDH model for risk prediction in HD patients.Methods: 62,227 dialysis sessions were randomly partitioned into training data (70%), test data (20%), and validation data (10%). IDH-A model based on twenty-seven variables was constructed for risk predic-tion for the next HD treatment. IDH-B model based on ten variables from 64,870 dialysis sessions was developed for risk assessment before each HD treatment. Light Gradient Boosting Machine (LightGBM), Linear Discriminant Analysis, support vector machines, XGBoost, TabNet, and multilayer perceptron were used to develop the predictor model.Results: In IDH-A model, we identified the LightGBM method as the best-performing and interpretable model with C-statistics of 0.82 in Fall30Nadir90 definitions, which was higher than those obtained using the other models ( P < 0.01). In other IDH standards of Nadir90, Nadir100, Fall20, Fall30, and Fall20Nadir90, the LightGBM method had a performance with C-statistics ranged 0.77 to 0.89. As a complementary ap-plication, the LightGBM model in IDH-B model achieved C-statistics of 0.68 in Fall30Nadir90 definitions and 0.69 to 0.78 in the other five IDH standards, which were also higher than the other methods, respec-tively.Conclusion: Use ML, we identified the LightGBM method as the good-performing and interpretable model. We identified the top variables as the high-risk factors for IDH incident in HD-patient. IDH-A and IDH-B model can usefully complement each other for risk prediction and further facilitate timely intervention through applied into different clinical setting.& COPY; 2023 Published by Elsevier B.V.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using machine learning to predict intradialytic hypotension in patients undergoing hemodialysis. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Dong, L., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Age of Information Based Client Selection for Wireless Federated Learning With Diversified Learning Capabilities.
[Journal]  IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing 23(12): 14934-14945.
[Abstract] Federated Learning (FL) empowers wireless intelligent applications, by leveraging distributed data of edge clients for training without compromising privacy. Client selection is inevitable in FL, since clients have diversified learning capabilities arising from heterogeneous computing and communication resources. Existing methods like fair-selection and dropping-straggler are either inefficient or unfair (resulting in a less effective trained model). Therefore, we propose FedAoI, an Age-of-Information (AoI) based client selection policy. FedAoI ensures fairness by allowing all clients, including stragglers, to submit their model updates while maintaining high training efficiency by keeping round completion times short. This trade-off is achieved by minimizing Peak-AoI (PAoI), the interval between a client's consecutive participations. An optimization problem is formulated by minimizing the Expected-Weighted-Sum-of-PAoI. This NP-hard problem is addressed with a two-step sub-optimal algorithm, PriorS. It first calculates client priority in a round using Lyapunov optimization and then selects the highest-priority clients through G-FPFC (Greedy minimization of the round weighted-sum-of-PAoI with First-Priority-First-Considered). Simulation results demonstrate that, compared to fair-selection, FedAoI improves average efficiency by 83.8% and achieves an average model accuracy of 97.3% (or at the cost of averaging 2.7% degradation in model accuracy). Compared to dropping-straggler, FedAoI reduces the average model accuracy degradation from 9.5% to 2.7%.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper "Age of Information Based Client Selection for Wireless Federated Learning With Diversified Learning Capabilities" is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on a client selection policy for federated learning in wireless networks, which is unrelated to the criteria specified for exergames and fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Dong, N., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Class-incremental object detection.
[Journal]  PATTERN RECOGNITION 139.
[Abstract] Deep learning architectures have shown remarkable results in the object detection task. However, they experience a critical performance drop when they are required to learn new classes incrementally with-out forgetting old ones. This catastrophic forgetting phenomenon impedes the deployment of artificial intelligence in real word scenarios where systems need to learn new and different representations over time. Recently, many incremental learning methods have been proposed to avoid the catastrophic for-getting problem. However, current state-of-the-art class-incremental learning strategies aim at preserving the knowledge of old classes while learning new ones sequentially, which would encounter other prob-lems as follows: (1) In the process of preserving information of old classes, only a small portion of data in the previous tasks are kept and replayed during training, which inevitably incurs bias that is favor-able for the new classes but malicious to the old classes. (2) With the knowledge of previous classes distilled into the new model, a sub-optimal solution for the new task is obtained since the preserving process of previous classes sabotages the training of new classes. To address these issues, termed as In-formation Asymmetry (IA) , we propose a double-head framework which preserves the knowledge of old classes and learns the knowledge of new classes separately. Specifically, we transfer the knowledge of the previous model to the current learned one for overcoming the catastrophic forgetting problem. Fur-thermore, considering that IA would introduce impacts on the training of the new model, we propose a Non-Affection mask to distill the knowledge of the interested regions at the feature level. Comprehensive experimental results demonstrate that our proposed method significantly outperforms other state-of-the-art class-incremental object detection methods on PASCAL VOC and MS COCO datasets. (c) 2023 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about class-incremental object detection, which is a topic in the field of deep learning and computer vision. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, methods, and context are entirely unrelated to the specified topic.

[Author]   Donner, Y. and J. L. Hardy (2015). 
[Title]    Piecewise power laws in individual learning curves.
[Journal]  PSYCHONOMIC BULLETIN & REVIEW 22(5): 1308-1319.
[Abstract] The notion that human learning follows a smooth power law (PL) of diminishing gains is well-established in psychology. This characteristic is observed when multiple curves are averaged, potentially masking more complex dynamics underpinning the curves of individual learners. Here, we analyzed 25,280 individual learning curves, each comprising 500 measurements of cognitive performance taken from four cognitive tasks. A piecewise PL (PPL) model explained the individual learning curves significantly better than a single PL, controlling for model complexity. The PPL model allows for multiple PLs connected at different points in the learning process. We also explored the transition dynamics between PL curve component pieces. Performance in later pieces typically surpassed that in earlier pieces, after a brief drop in performance at the transition point. The transition rate was negatively associated with age, even after controlling for overall performance. Our results suggest at least two processes at work in individual learning curves: locally, a gradual, smooth improvement, with diminishing gains within a specific strategy, which is modeled well as a PL; and globally, a discrete sequence of strategy shifts, in which each strategy is better in the long term than the ones preceding it. The piecewise extension of the classic PL of practice has implications for both individual skill acquisition and theories of learning.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper "Piecewise power laws in individual learning curves" is focused on analyzing the dynamics of individual learning curves across cognitive tasks, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study involves a large dataset of individual learning curves and explores the piecewise power law model to better understand the learning process. It does not mention any exergame interventions, nor does it target older people specifically for fall prevention. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Downey, R., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    At-home computerized executive-function training to improve cognition and mobility in normal-hearing adults and older hearing aid users: a multi-centre, single-blinded randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  BMC NEUROLOGY 23(1).
[Abstract] Background Hearing loss predicts cognitive decline and falls risk. It has been argued that degraded hearing makes listening effortful, causing competition for higher-level cognitive resources needed for secondary cognitive or motor tasks. Therefore, executive function training has the potential to improve cognitive performance, in turn improving mobility, especially when older adults with hearing loss are engaged in effortful listening. Moreover, research using mobile neuroimaging and ecologically valid measures of cognition and mobility in this population is limited. The objective of this research is to examine the effect of at-home cognitive training on dual-task performance using laboratory and simulated real-world conditions in normal-hearing adults and older hearing aid users. We hypothesize that executive function training will lead to greater improvements in cognitive-motor dual-task performance compared to a wait-list control group. We also hypothesize that executive function training will lead to the largest dual-task improvements in older hearing aid users, followed by normal-hearing older adults, and then middle-aged adults.MethodsA multi-site (Concordia University and KITE-Toronto Rehabilitation Institute, University Health Network) single-blinded randomized controlled trial will be conducted whereby participants are randomized to either 12 weeks of at-home computerized executive function training or a wait-list control. Participants will consist of normal-hearing middle-aged adults (45-60 years old) and older adults (65-80 years old), as well as older hearing aid users (65-80 years old, >= 6 months hearing aid experience). Separate samples will undergo the same training protocol and the same pre- and post-evaluations of cognition, hearing, and mobility across sites. The primary dual-task outcome measures will involve either static balance (KITE site) or treadmill walking (Concordia site) with a secondary auditory-cognitive task. Dual-task performance will be assessed in an immersive virtual reality environment in KITE's StreetLab and brain activity will be measured using functional near infrared spectroscopy at Concordia's PERFORM Centre.DiscussionThis research will establish the efficacy of an at-home cognitive training program on complex auditory and motor functioning under laboratory and simulated real-world conditions. This will contribute to rehabilitation strategies in order to mitigate or prevent physical and cognitive decline in older adults with hearing loss.Trial registrationIdentifier: NCT05418998. https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT05418998
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older adults and a randomized controlled trial, the intervention is focused on at-home computerized executive-function training, which is a form of cognitive training rather than an exergame. Additionally, the primary outcome measures are related to dual-task performance involving cognition and mobility, but not specifically to fall prevention.

[Author]   Doyle, R., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    An in vitro model of impaction during hip arthroplasty.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 82: 220-227.
[Abstract] Impaction is required to properly seat press-fit implants and ensure initial implant stability and long term bone ingrowth, however excessive impaction or press-fit presents a high fracture risk in the acetabulum and femur. Current in-vitro impaction testing methods do not replicate the compliance of the soft tissues surrounding the hip, a factor that may be important in fracture and force prediction. This study presents the measurement of compliance of the soft tissues supporting the hip during impaction in operative conditions, and replicates these in vitro. Hip replacements were carried out on 4 full body cadavers while impact force traces and acetabular/femoral displacement were measured. Compliance was then simulated computationally using a Voigt model. These data were subsequently used to inform the design of a representative in-vitro drop rig. Effective masses of 19.7 kg and 12.7 kg, spring stiffnesses of 8.0 kN/m and 4.1 kN/m and dashpot coefficients of 595 N s/m and 322 N s/m were calculated for the acetabular and femoral soft tissues respectively. A good agreement between cadaveric and in-vitro peak displacement and rise time during impact is found. Such an in-vitro setup is of use during laboratory testing, simulation or even surgical training. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing an in-vitro model for impaction during hip arthroplasty, which is not related to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the biomechanics and simulation of hip replacement surgery, and does not meet any of the specified criteria for the intervention, target population, or methodology related to exergames and fall prevention.

[Author]   Droby, A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Distinct Effects of Motor Training on Resting-State Functional Networks of the Brain in Parkinson's Disease.
[Journal]  NEUROREHABILITATION AND NEURAL REPAIR 34(9): 795-803.
[Abstract] Background. Nigrostriatal dopaminergic loss is a hallmark of Parkinson's disease (PD) pathophysiology, leading to motor Parkinsonism. Different intervention protocols have shown that motor and cognitive functions improvement in PD occurviathe modulation of distinct motor and cognitive pathways.Objective. To investigate the effects of two motor training programs on the brains' functional networks in PD patients.Methods. Thirty-seven PD patients were prospectively studied. All enrolled patients underwent either treadmill training (TT) (n = 19) or treadmill with virtual reality (TT + VR) (n = 18) for 6 weeks. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans (3 T) acquiring 3-dimensional T1-weighted and resting-state functional MRI (rs-fMRI) data sets were performed at baseline and after 6 weeks. Independent component analysis (ICA) was conducted, and functional connectivity (FC) changes within large-scale functional brain networks were examined.Results. In both groups, significant post-training FC decrease in striatal, limbic, and parietal regions within the basal ganglia network, executive control network, and frontal-striatal network, and significant FC increase in the caudate, and cingulate within the sensorimotor network (SMN) were observed. Moreover, a significant time x group interaction was detected where TT + VR training had greater effects on FC levels in the supplementary motor area (SMA) and right precentral gyrus within the SMN, and in the right middle frontal gyrus (MFG) within the cerebellar network. These FC alterations were associated with improved usual and dual-task walking performance.Conclusions. These results suggest that TT with-and-without the addition of a VR component affects distinct neural pathways, highlighting the potential for beneficial neural plasticity in PD. Such distinctive task-specific pathways may foster the facilitation of interventions tailored to the individual needs of PD patients.Registered at Clinicaltrials.gov number: NCT01732653.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the effects of motor training, specifically treadmill training with and without virtual reality, on the functional networks of the brain in Parkinson's disease patients. While it does involve an exergame (treadmill with virtual reality) and reports results from a randomized controlled trial, the primary target is not older people in general, but specifically Parkinson's disease patients. Additionally, the main focus is on the neural effects rather than fall prevention. Therefore, this paper does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   D'Souza, N., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Teaching facial fracture repair: A novel method of surgical skills training using three-dimensional biomodels.
[Journal]  PLASTIC SURGERY 23(2): 81-86.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: The facial fracture biomodel is a three-dimensional physical prototype of an actual facial fracture. The biomodel can be used as a novel teaching tool to facilitate technical skills training in fracture reduction and fixation, but more importantly, can help develop diagnostic and management competence.OBJECTIVE: To introduce the 'facial fracture biomodel' as a teaching aid, and to provide preliminary evidence of its effectiveness in teaching residents the principles of panfacial fracture repair.METHODS: Computer three-dimensional image processing and rapid prototyping were used to generate an accurate physical model of a panfacial fracture, mounted in a silicon 'soft tissue' base. Senior plastic surgery residents in their third, fourth and fifth years of training across Canada were invited to participate in a workshop using this biomodel to simulate panfacial fracture repair. A short didactic presentation outlining the 'patient's' clinical and radiological findings, and key principles of fracture repair, was given by a consultant plastic surgeon before the exercise. The residents completed a pre-and postbiomodel questionnaire soliciting information regarding background, diagnosis and management, and feedback.RESULTS: A total of 29 residents completed both pre-and postbiomodel questionnaires. Statistically significant results were found in the following areas: diagnosis of all fracture patterns (P=8.2x10(-7) [t test]), choice of incisions for adequate exposure (P=0.04 [t test]) and identifying sequence of repair (P=0.019 [chi(2) test]). Subjective evaluation of workshop effectiveness revealed a statistically significant increase in 'comfort level' only among third year trainees. Overall, positive feedback was reported among all participants.CONCLUSIONS: Biomodelling is a promising ancillary teaching aid that can assist in teaching residents technical skills, as well as how to assess and plan surgical repair.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the paper involves the use of three-dimensional biomodels for teaching surgical skills related to facial fracture repair, and it does not meet any of the criteria specified for exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Dunsky, A. (2019). 
[Title]    The Effect of Balance and Coordination Exercises on Quality of Life in Older Adults: A Mini-Review.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 11.
[Abstract] The ability to control balance during activities of daily living (ADL) is impaired in older adults as a result of deterioration in the sensory systems (i.e., vestibular, visual, somatosensory), the cognitive system (central nervous system), and the musculoskeletal system. Consequently, many older adults face a risk of falling during their ADL. In most cases, falls and related injuries impair the quality of life and result in physical limitations, anxiety, loss of confidence, and fear of falling. Among a variety of fall prevention interventions, adapted physical activity programs have been suggested for improving balance control during ADL. These programs challenge the sensory, cognitive, and musculoskeletal systems while addressing balance constraints such as orientation in space, changes in direction, and the speed or height of the center of mass during static and dynamic situations resembling ADL. The above-mentioned elements can be dealt with through a combination of balance and coordination exercises that challenge the postural control systems in multiple dimensions-including vertical and horizontal changes of the center of mass, standing on unstable surfaces with a reduced base of support, and changing body directions. Consequently, such exercises require environmental information-processing. The combination of dual-task, function-oriented challenges while controlling balance stimulates the sensory and neuromuscular control mechanisms. Among older adults, these programs have been found to improve static and dynamic stability, as well as a number of aspects in the quality of life. Recently, they have also been found to improve cognitive functions such as memory and spatial cognition.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract discusses the effect of balance and coordination exercises on the quality of life in older adults, but it does not specifically mention the use of exergames. The focus is on adapted physical activity programs that include balance and coordination exercises, rather than exergames or virtual reality interventions. Additionally, the paper is a mini-review, which means it synthesizes existing literature rather than presenting new data from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Dupont, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Pediatric Emergency Medicine Didactics and Simulation (PEMDAS): Pediatric Sedation Complications.
[Journal]  MedEdPORTAL : the journal of teaching and learning resources 20: 11384-11384.
[Abstract] Introduction: Ketamine and propofol are commonly used agents for sedation in the pediatric emergency department (PED). While these medications routinely provide safe sedations, there are side effects providers should be able to recognize and manage. Currently, no pediatric sedation simulations exist in the literature.Methods: We created two sedation simulation cases for learners, including pediatric emergency medicine (PEM) fellows, working in the PED: case 1, a 12-year-old male with a shoulder dislocation requiring reduction under propofol sedation, and case 2, a forearm fracture requiring reduction under ketamine sedation. Learner actions included setting up equipment for sedations, dosing medications correctly, and managing complications. Additionally, in case 2, learners assigned an American Society of Anesthesiologists classification and selected the appropriate candidate for PED sedation from amongst three patients. A debrief followed the cases. Next, a didactic presentation reinforced concepts discussed in the debrief. Participants then completed an evaluation of the simulation.Results: Fifty-eight emergency medicine residents and PEM fellows across four sites at three institutions participated. Participants scored the simulations and the debriefing session on a 5-point Likert scale. Learners rated the scenario as clinically relevant (M = 4.37) and effective at improving their comfort level in caring for critically ill patients (M = 4.36). Learners felt the debrief provided valuable learning (M = 4.40) and was a safe learning environment (M = 4.50).Discussion: These cases can be utilized as resources for learners in any emergency department and can be tailored to any training background of learner providing sedation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about creating and evaluating simulation cases for pediatric sedation in emergency medicine, which does not meet the criteria for using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are pediatric patients, and the focus is on medical training rather than exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Egenberg, S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Impact of multi-professional, scenario-based training on postpartum hemorrhage in Tanzania: a quasi-experimental, pre- vs. post-intervention study.
[Journal]  BMC PREGNANCY AND CHILDBIRTH 17.
[Abstract] Background: Tanzania has a relatively high maternal mortality ratio of 410 per 100,000 live births. Severe postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) is a major cause of maternal deaths, but in most cases, it is preventable. However, most pregnant women that develop PPH, have no known risk factors. Therefore, preventive measures must be offered to all pregnant women. This study investigated the effects of multi-professional, scenario-based training on the prevention and management of PPH at a Tanzanian zonal consultant hospital. We hypothesized that scenario-based training could contribute to improved competence on PPH-management, which would result in improved team efficiency and patient outcome.Methods: This quasi-experimental, pre-vs. post-interventional study involved on-site multi-professional, scenario-based PPH training, conducted in a two-week period in October 2013 and another 2 weeks in November 2014. Training teams included nurses, midwives, doctors, and medical attendants in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology. After technical skill training on the birthing simulator MamaNatalie (R), the teams practiced in realistic scenarios on PPH. Each scenario was followed by debriefing and repeated scenario. Afterwards, the group swapped roles and the observers became the participants. To evaluate the effects of training, we measured patient outcomes by determining blood transfusion rates. Patient data were collected by randomly sampling Medical birth registry files from the pre-training and post-training study periods (n = 1667 and 1641 files, respectively). Data were analyzed with the Chi-square test, Mann-Whitney U-test, and binary logistic regression.Results: The random patient samples (n = 3308) showed that, compared to pre-training, post-training patients had a 47% drop in whole blood transfusion rates and significant increases in cesarean section rates, birth weights, and vacuum deliveries. The logistic regression analysis showed that transfusion rates were significantly associated with the time period (pre-vs. post-training), cesarean section, patients tranferred from other hospitals, maternal age, and female genital mutilation and cutting.Conclusions: We found that multi-professional, scenario-based training was associated with a significant, 47% reduction in whole blood transfusion rates. These results suggested that training that included all levels of maternity staff, repeated sessions with realistic scenarios, and debriefing may have contributed to reduced blood transfusion rates in this high-risk maternity setting.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about multi-professional, scenario-based training to prevent and manage postpartum hemorrhage in Tanzania. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are healthcare professionals, not older people, and the intervention is a training program, not an exergame. Additionally, the study design is a quasi-experimental, pre- vs. post-intervention study, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Eghtedar, R. A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    A new computer-aided diagnosis tool based on deep learning methods for automatic detection of retinal disorders from OCT images.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL OPHTHALMOLOGY 44(1).
[Abstract] PurposeEarly detection of retinal disorders using optical coherence tomography (OCT) images can prevent vision loss. Since manual screening can be time-consuming, tedious, and fallible, we present a reliable computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) software based on deep learning. Also, we made efforts to increase the interpretability of the deep learning methods, overcome their vague and black box nature, and also understand their behavior in the diagnosis.MethodsWe propose a novel method to improve the interpretability of the used deep neural network by embedding the rich semantic information of abnormal areas based on the ophthalmologists' interpretations and medical descriptions in the OCT images. Finally, we trained the classification network on a small subset of the online publicly available University of California San Diego (UCSD) dataset with an overall of 29,800 OCT images.ResultsThe experimental results on the 1000 test OCT images show that the proposed method achieves the overall precision, accuracy, sensitivity, and f1-score of 97.6%, 97.6%, 97.6%, and 97.59%, respectively. Also, the heat map images provide a clear region of interest which indicates that the interpretability of the proposed method is increased dramatically.ConclusionThe proposed software can help ophthalmologists in providing a second opinion to make a decision, and primitive automated diagnoses of retinal diseases and even it can be used as a screening tool, in eye clinics. Also, the improvement of the interpretability of the proposed method causes to increase in the model generalization, and therefore, it will work properly on a wide range of other OCT datasets.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a computer-aided diagnosis tool for detecting retinal disorders using deep learning methods on OCT images. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Eika, F., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Reference data on hand grip and lower limb strength using the Nintendo Wii balance board: a cross-sectional study of 354 subjects from 20 to 99 years of age.
[Journal]  BMC MUSCULOSKELETAL DISORDERS 20.
[Abstract] Accurate assessment of isometric hand grip strength (HGS) and isometric lower limb strength (LS) are often limited to specialized clinics due to high costs and need for specialized equipment and personnel. A mobile and user-friendly device would facilitate a wider use of these measures in the clinical setting. The Nintendo Wii Balance Board (WBB) is a novel and pragmatic tool that has been validated for measuring muscle strength and other clinically relevant physiological variables. However, reference data for HGS and LS are lacking. The purpose of the current study is to establish reference data for HGS and LS in individuals ae<yen>20 years of age using the WBB method, and to characterize the effects of age in these measurements.Healthy participants were recruited at various locations and their HGS and LS were tested by six assessors using the WBB. Reference data were analysed and presented in age-groups, while the age-related change in HGS and LS was tested and characterized with linear regression models.Three hundred and fifty-four participants between 20 and 99 years of age were tested. Data are presented separately according to gender and the following age categories: 20-29, 30-39, 40-49, 50-59, 60-69, 70-79, and 80+, and presented in absolute values as well as percentiles. The main findings were; (1) Significantly higher HGS and LS among males compared to females and for the dominant limb compared to the non-dominant limb, (2) a significant decline in strength with increasing age, and (3) the rate of decline increased significantly (i.e. it was non-linear) with age for HGS, but not for LS.This study reported reference data with percentiles for a novel method for assessing HGS and LS. Data were consistent with previously known effects of age and gender on HGS and LS. The presented data may supplement future trials using the WBB in research or in the clinical setting.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about establishing reference data for hand grip and lower limb strength using the Nintendo Wii Balance Board across a wide age range, including older adults. However, it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study is a cross-sectional study, and it does not involve an intervention or randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Eini, D. S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Camera-tracking gaming control device for evaluation of active wrist flexion and extension.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF HAND THERAPY 30(1): 89-96.
[Abstract] Study Design: Cross sectional.Introduction: Measuring wrist range of motion (ROM) is an essential procedure in hand therapy clinics.Purpose of the Study: To test the reliability and validity of a dynamic ROM assessment, the Camera Wrist Tracker (CWT).Methods: Wrist flexion and extension ROM of 15 patients with distal radius fractures and 15 matched controls were assessed with the CWT and with a universal goniometer.Results: One-way model intraclass correlation coefficient analysis indicated high test-retest reliability for extension (ICC = 0.92) and moderate reliability for flexion (ICC = 0.49). Standard error for extension was 2.45 and for flexion was 4.07'. Repeated-measures analysis revealed a significant main effect for group; ROM was greater in the control group (F[1, 28] = 47.35; P <.001). The concurrent validity of the CWT was partially supported.Conclusion: The results indicate that the CWT may provide highly reliable scores for dynamic wrist extension ROM, and moderately reliable scores for flexion, in people recovering from a distal radius fracture. Level of Evidence: N/A. (C) 2016 Hanley & Belfus, an imprint of Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a camera-tracking gaming control device to evaluate wrist flexion and extension, but it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the reliability and validity of a dynamic range of motion (ROM) assessment tool, and it does not target older people, nor is it an exergame intervention. Additionally, the study design is cross-sectional, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Einloft, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Immersive medical training: a comprehensive longitudinal study of extended reality in emergency scenarios for large student groups.
[Journal]  BMC MEDICAL EDUCATION 24(1).
[Abstract] Young healthcare professionals and medical graduates often fall short in the practical experience necessary for handling medical emergencies. This can not only lead to strained feelings of inadequacy and insecurity among future physicians and less experienced healthcare providers in general, but also to detrimental outcomes for patients as emergency medicine demands rapid decision-making with low tolerance for errors. New didactic modalities and approaches may be needed to effectively address this shortcoming. Immersive technologies are powerful novel educational tools with untapped potential in medical training, and may be particularly suitable for simulation trainings in the high-stakes field of emergency medicine.Herein, we systematically explored the educational potential of extended reality (XR) technology, particularly virtual reality (VR), in the management of patients presenting as medical emergencies, combining the use of the STEP-VR application with an untethered hardware setup.Importantly, we aimed at studying multiple, large cohorts of senior medical students involving a total of 529 participants and collecting data over a period of two years. We assessed students' acceptance of the training through a modified questionnaire measuring device handling, content complexity, degree of immersion, learning success, and seminar design.Our results show high, sustained acceptance and ease of use across different student cohorts and subgroups, with most students finding XR/VR engaging and beneficial for acquiring emergency medicine skills. Importantly, the prevalence of simulation sickness was minimal. Moreover, no major effect of the head-mounted displays (HMDs) price range was noted with regard to the learning experience. The results underscore the potential of XR/VR capabilities in effectively enhancing medical education, particularly in areas of high-stakes clinical scenarios and emergency care, by providing realistic and reproducible immersive training environments.In summary, our findings suggest that XR/VR-based training approaches could significantly contribute to preparing future physicians for the complexities of emergency medical care, encouraging the integration of such technologies into medical curricula. However, careful consideration must be given to its suitability for all students and the practical challenges of its implementation, highlighting the need for further research to harness its full potential for medical education.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of extended reality (XR) and virtual reality (VR) for medical training in emergency scenarios, specifically targeting young healthcare professionals and medical students. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, the type of intervention, and the focus of the study are not aligned with the specified criteria.

[Author]   Ejupi, A., et al. (2014).
[Title]    Choice Stepping Reaction Time test using Exergame technology for fall risk assessment in older people
[Journal]  2014 36TH ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE OF THE IEEE ENGINEERING IN MEDICINE AND BIOLOGY SOCIETY (EMBC): 6957-6960.
[Abstract] Accidental falls remain an important problem in older people. Stepping is a common task to avoid a fall and requires good interplay between sensory functions, central processing and motor execution. Increased choice stepping reaction time has been associated with recurrent falls in older people. The aim of this study was to examine if a sensor-based Exergame Choice Stepping Reaction Time test can successfully discriminate older fallers from non-fallers. The stepping test was conducted in a cohort of 104 community-dwelling older people (mean age: 80.7 +/- 7.0 years). Participants were asked to step laterally as quickly as possible after a light stimulus appeared on a TV screen. Spatial and temporal measurements of the lower and upper body were derived from a low-cost and portable 3D-depth sensor (i.e. Microsoft Kinect) and 3D-accelerometer. Fallers had a slower stepping reaction time (970 +/- 228 ms vs. 858 +/- 123 ms, P = 0.001) and a slower reaction of their upper body (719 +/- 289 ms vs. 631 +/- 166 ms, P = 0.052) compared to non-fallers. It took fallers significantly longer than non-fallers to recover their balance after initiating the step (2147 +/- 800 ms vs. 1841 +/- 591 ms, P = 0.029).This study demonstrated that a sensor-based, low-cost and easy to administer stepping test, with the potential to be used in clinical practice or regular unsupervised home assessments, was able to identify significant differences between performances by fallers and non-fallers.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using an exergame-based technology to assess fall risk in older people, but it does not describe an intervention aimed at preventing falls. The study focuses on the ability of the exergame to discriminate between fallers and non-fallers, rather than on using the exergame as a preventive measure. Additionally, the study does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   El-Rehim, A. F. A., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Mathematical Modelling of Vickers Hardness of Sn-9Zn-Cu Solder Alloys Using an Artificial Neural Network.
[Journal]  METALS AND MATERIALS INTERNATIONAL 27(10): 4084-4096.
[Abstract] An artificial neural network (ANN) model was used for the simulation and prediction of the mechanical properties of Sn-9Zn-Cu solder alloys. Sn-9Zn-Cu solder alloys containing different Cu contents (0, 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 wt%) were successfully prepared by permanent mold casting. The specimens were heated in a protective argon atmosphere at 433 K for 24 h, followed by water quenching at 298 K. Finally, the heat-treated samples were aged at 373 K for different time intervals (t(a) = 2, 4, 8, 16 and 32 h), followed by water quenching at 298 K. The phases present in the current alloys were detected by X-ray diffraction analysis. For morphological characterization, a scanning electron microscope operated at 20 kV was tilized. The mechanical properties of the samples were studied using hardness measurements. The variations in the hardness data with increasing aging time were determined based on the structural transformations that take place in the alloys. The ANN model was applied to the hardness measurements to simulate and predict the Vickers hardness of Sn-Zn-Cu alloys with mean square error values equal 9.55E-06 and 9.44E-06 for training and validation data respectively after 281 epochs. The simulated and predicted results were consistent with the experimental results.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the mathematical modeling of Vickers hardness in Sn-9Zn-Cu solder alloys using an artificial neural network. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Elsayed, W. (2021). 
[Title]    Covid-19 pandemic and its impact on increasing the risks of children's addiction to electronic games from a social work perspective.
[Journal]  HELIYON 7(12).
[Abstract] Children are among the social groups most affected by the COVID-19 pandemic because they have found themselves forced to stay at home, far from their schoolmates, their friends, and far from all the activities they used to do before the pandemic. so, it was their only refuge for recreation during their stay in Home is staying in front of the screens of tablets, smartphones, and computers to play electronic games for long hours, and there is no doubt that the sudden shift in the lifestyle of children during the Covid-19 pandemic had serious consequences and risks threatening their stability at all levels. In light of that, the current study aimed to determine the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on increasing the social, psychological, behavioral, and health risks of children's addiction to electronic games from a social work perspective. This study falls under the type of descriptive analytical studies that are based on describing the reality of the problem under study. The study sample included 289 children in the age group 6-17 years in the first grade to the twelfth grade at school. The researcher designed a questionnaire that reflects the four risks facing children to assess these risks. The results showed is that the value of all impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic on the increasing risks of children's addiction to electronic games came to a total weight of (27907), weighted relative weight of (80.47%). This indication is High, indicating that the level of impact is High for the Covid-19 pandemic on the increase in all types of risks of children's addiction to electronic games. It ranked first " Behavioral Risks " at 91.15%, It is followed by the ranked second "Social risks " at 85.5%, Then came third place " Psychological Risks" at 80.91%, and in finally in fourth place " Health Risks" at 64.28%, which necessitates the need to take a set of serious measures by educating parents to monitor the content of electronic games that their children play, especially violent games, in addition to, reduce the number of hours the child spends practicing these games, and to encourage parents to form a bridge of communication and constructive dialogue between them and their children, and that parents put controls and restrictions on their children's practice of electronic games to confront abnormal behavioral, psychological and social patterns such as aggression, violence, deception, lying, imitation, vigilance, physical stress, poor eyesight, distance from practicing religious rituals, academic delay, introversion, depression, intolerance, selfishness, sadness, isolation from society, social withdrawal and lack of forming social relationships and lack of communication with others. The researcher took care that the results of the current study are very accurate and representative of the reality of the research problem, in light of the researcher's emphasis on the commitment to observe ethical rules to ensure the confidentiality of data. finally, the current study will greatly benefit researchers interested in the field of childhood and its problems and they will rely on its results and recommendations in how to protect children from the dangers of electronic game addiction in light of the Covid-19 crisis in particular.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on children's addiction to electronic games and the associated social, psychological, behavioral, and health risks. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Eltoukhy, M. A., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Validation of Static and Dynamic Balance Assessment Using Microsoft Kinect for Young and Elderly Populations.
[Journal]  IEEE JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATICS 22(1): 147-153.
[Abstract] Reduction in balance is an indicator of fall risk, and therefore, an accurate and cost-effective balance assessment tool is essential for prescribing effective postural control strategies. This study established the validity of the Kinect v2 sensor in assessing center of mass (CoM) excursion and velocity during single-leg balance and voluntary ankle sway tasks among young and elderly subjects. We compared balance outcomemeasures (anteroposterior (AP) andmediolateral (ML) CoM excursion and velocity and average sway length) to a traditional three-dimensional motion analysis system. Twenty subjects (10 young: age = 20.5 +/- 2.3 y, height = 171.8 +/- 7.2 cm, weight = 70.7 +/- 11.6 kg; 10 elderly: age = 70.6 +/- 9.5 y, height = 169.1 +/- 8.7 cm, weight = 74.0 +/- 17.8 kg), with no history of lower extremity injury, participated in this study. Subjects performed six randomized trials; four single-leg stand (SLS) and two ankle sway trials. SLS and voluntary ankle sway trials showed that consistency (ICC(2, k)) and agreement (ICC(3, k)) for all variables when all subjects were considered, as well as when the elderly and young groups were analyzed separately. Concordance between systems ranged from poor to nearly perfect depending on the group, task, and variable assessed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the validation of using Microsoft Kinect for assessing balance in both young and elderly populations. It does not describe an intervention using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, nor does it report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it focuses on the accuracy and reliability of the Kinect sensor compared to traditional motion analysis systems.

[Author]   Emiliani, N., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Post-printing processing and aging effects on Polyjet materials intended for the fabrication of advanced surgical simulators.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE MECHANICAL BEHAVIOR OF BIOMEDICAL MATERIALS 156.
[Abstract] Material Jetting (MJ) 3D printing technology is promising for the fabrication of highly realistic surgical simulators, however, the changes in the mechanical properties of MJ materials after post-printing treatments and over time remain quite unknown. In this study, we investigate the effect of different post-printing processes and aging on the mechanical properties of a white opaque and rigid MJ photopolymer, a white flexible MJ photopolymer and on a combination of them. Tensile and Shore hardness tests were conducted on homogeneous 3D-printed specimens: two different post-printing procedures for support removal (dry and water) and further surface treatment (with glycerol solution) were compared. The specimens were tested within 48 h from printing and after aging (30-180 days) in a controlled environment. All groups of specimens treated with different post-printing processes (dry, water, glycerol) exhibited a statistically significant difference in mechanical properties (i.e. elongation at break, elastic modulus, ultimate tensile strength). Particularly, the treatment with glycerol makes the flexible photopolymer more rigid, but then with aging the initial elongation of the material tends to be restored. For the rigid photopolymer, an increase in deformability was observed as a major effect of aging. The hardness tests on the printed specimens highlighted a significant overestimation of the Shore values declared by the manufacturer. The study findings are useful for guiding the material selection and post-printing processing techniques to manufacture realistic and durable models for surgical training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effects of post-printing processing and aging on Polyjet materials used for the fabrication of advanced surgical simulators. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as it does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Engeroff, T., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Lower Extremity Open Skill Training Effects on Perception of Visual Stimuli, Cognitive Processing, and Performance.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MOTOR BEHAVIOR 53(3): 324-333.
[Abstract] This study investigates if lower extremity open-skill training impacts perception and cognitive processing abilities or just influences task related motor abilities. Twenty-two participants (24.7 +/- 2.4years; 11 males, 11 females) were randomly allocated either into the group that trained on a computerized device or to the control group. Prior to and following the 4-week study period, motor performance was assessed using drop jump, hexagon test, postural control and lower extremity choice reaction. Perception, cognitive processing and task inhibition were captured using validated neurocognitive tests. Repeated measurements analyses of co-variances (ANCOVAs) were performed. They revealed a time (before and after intervention) x group (training vs. control) effect on lower extremity choice reaction and hexagon (p< .05). No effects on group differences or between groups in cognitive performance were found. A detrimental effect of training on accuracy of task inhibition (lower percentage of correct inhibitions) was detected. Computerized open skill training affects specific movement patterns without increasing task-relevant cognitive or perceptual abilities. Indicated by the lower percentage of correct inhibitions, the training might further detrimentally influence the risk-taking behavior during choice reaction tasks.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The participants are young adults (mean age 24.7 years), and the study focuses on the effects of lower extremity open-skill training on perception, cognitive processing, and motor performance, rather than specifically on preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, while the intervention involves a computerized device, it is not explicitly described as an exergame, and the primary focus is on cognitive and motor performance rather than fall prevention.

[Author]   Eost-Telling, C., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Digital technologies to prevent falls in people living with dementia or mild cognitive impairment: a rapid systematic overview of systematic reviews.
[Journal]  AGE AND AGEING 53(1).
[Abstract] Objective Falls are a common cause of potentially preventable death, disability and loss of independence with an annual estimated cost of 4.4bn pound. People living with dementia (PlwD) or mild cognitive impairment (MCI) have an increased fall risk. This overview evaluates evidence for technologies aiming to reduce falls and fall risk for PlwD or MCI.Methods In October 2022, we searched five databases for evidence syntheses. We used standard methods to rapidly screen, extract data, assess risk of bias and overlap, and synthesise the evidence for each technology type.Results We included seven systematic reviews, incorporating 22 relevant primary studies with 1,412 unique participants. All reviews had critical flaws on AMSTAR-2: constituent primary studies were small, heterogeneous, mostly non-randomised and assessed as low or moderate quality. Technologies assessed were: wearable sensors, environmental sensor-based systems, exergaming, virtual reality systems. We found no evidence relating to apps. Review evidence for the direct impact on falls was available only from environmental sensors, and this was inconclusive. For wearables and virtual reality technologies there was evidence that technologies may differentiate PlwD who fell from those who did not; and for exergaming that balance may be improved.Conclusions The evidence for technology to reduce falls and falls risk for PlwD and MCI is methodologically weak, based on small numbers of participants and often indirect. There is a need for higher-quality RCTs to provide robust evidence for effectiveness of fall prevention technologies. Such technologies should be designed with input from users and consideration of the wider implementation context.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic overview of systematic reviews, which means it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while exergaming is mentioned as one of the technologies assessed, the evidence for its impact on falls is indirect and related to balance improvement rather than a direct reduction in falls. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as it is a review and does not include original RCT data.

[Author]   Epstein, H.-A. B. (2022). 
[Title]    New Technological Innovations to Improve Balance against Falling in Older Adults: Exergaming, Virtual Reality and Augmented Realty.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF CONSUMER HEALTH ON THE INTERNET 26(3): 325-331.
[Abstract] Older adults fall and live with the fear of falling. Until recently vitamin D to strengthen bones, Tai Chi and other slow deliberate exercises have been prescribed. Recent studies introducing these adults to newer technological innovations such as the Nintendo Wii and Microsoft HoloLens and Oculus from Meta show enjoyment of using the equipment, improvement with balance, reduced fear of falling and stronger feelings of independence. This column reports the troubling statistics of older adults falling, introduces technological innovations and highlights studies using these tools.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract discusses the use of exergames and other technological innovations to improve balance and reduce the fear of falling in older adults. However, it does not specify that the paper includes randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with reported results. The abstract seems to be more of an overview or a review of various studies, rather than presenting original data from an RCT. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Erhardsson, M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Commercial head-mounted display virtual reality for upper extremity rehabilitation in chronic stroke: a single-case design study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 17(1).
[Abstract] Background: Rehabilitation is crucial for maximizing recovery after stroke. Rehabilitation activities that are fun and rewarding by themselves can be more effective than those who are not. Gamification with virtual reality (VR) exploits this principle. This single-case design study probes the potential for using commercial off-the-shelf, room-scale head-mounted virtual reality for upper extremity rehabilitation in individuals with chronic stroke, the insights of which can inform further research.Methods: A heterogeneous volunteer sample of seven participants living with stroke were recruited through advertisement. A single-case design was employed with a 5-week baseline (A), followed by a 10-week intervention (B) and a 6-month follow-up. Upper extremity motor function was assessed with validated kinematic analysis of drinking task. Activity capacity was assessed with Action Research Arm Test, Box and Block Test and ABILHAND questionnaire. Assessments were done weekly and at follow-up. Playing games on a VR-system with head-mounted display (HTC Vive) was used as rehabilitation intervention. Approximately 300 games were screened and 6 tested. Visual analysis and Tau-U statistics were used to interpret the results.Results: Visual analysis of trend, level shift and overlap as well as Tau-U statistics indicated improvement of Action Research Arm Test in six participants. Four of these had at least a moderate Tau-U score (0.50-0.92), in at least half of the assessed outcomes. These four participants trained a total of 361 to 935 min. Two out of four participants who were able to perform the drinking task, had the highest training dose (> 900 min) and showed also improvements in kinematics. The predominant game played was Beat Saber. No serious adverse effects related to the study were observed, one participant interrupted the intervention phase due to a fall at home.Conclusions: This first study of combining commercial games, a commercial head-mounted VR, and commercial haptic hand controls, showed promising results for upper extremity rehabilitation in individuals with chronic stroke. By being affordable yet having high production values, as well as being an easily accessible off-the-shelf product, this variant of VR technology might facilitate widespread adaption. Insights garnered in this study can facilitate the execution of future studies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using commercial head-mounted display virtual reality for upper extremity rehabilitation in individuals with chronic stroke. While it does involve the use of a virtual reality system, which can be considered an exergame, the primary focus is on upper extremity rehabilitation for stroke patients, not on preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study uses a single-case design rather than a randomized controlled trial, and the intervention is not specifically targeted at fall prevention.

[Author]   Erickson, A. K., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Indicators of surgical stress and influence of clinical experience, simulation models, and cadaveric laboratory on the stress response of third-year veterinary students performing first elective surgery.
[Journal]  AMERICAN JOURNAL OF VETERINARY RESEARCH 84(11).
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE To evaluate the role of simulation models and previous surgical experience on subjective and objective stress levels of students performing their 1st elective surgery within the veterinary curriculum.SAMPLE 141 third-year veterinary studentsMETHODS Using a pre-post experimental design, salivary alpha-amylase, and cortisol were evaluated as markers of physiologic stress response before students' first elective surgery. Student self-reported State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) scores and quantitative measures of experience were correlated to biomarker results.RESULTS No association was found for change in salivary biomarkers of stress, alpha-amylase, and cortisol, between baseline and presurgical samples accounting for gender, age, type of elective surgery performed, previous surgical experi- ence, or simulation model use. Salivary cortisol levels were markedly elevated falling between the 66th and 99th percentile compared to an age and gender-matched population. Salivary alpha-amylase levels were also 2 to 3 times higher than those recorded by other health professionals. Veterinary student STAI scores were high falling between the 65th and 73rd percentile compared to working adults in the general population. CLINICAL RELEVANCE Veterinary students' salivary cortisol, alpha-amylase, and STAI scores fell into the upper 2/3rds of the general popu- lation, demonstrating a high level of stress. Simulation models and previous surgical experience were not associated with decreased stress. Further evaluation of the implementation of high-fidelity simulation models and the role of stress on performance is indicated.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the stress levels of veterinary students performing their first elective surgery and the influence of simulation models and previous surgical experience on these stress levels. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ernst, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Virtual Reality-Based Exposure With 360° Environments for Social Anxiety Disorder: Usability and Feasibility Study.
[Journal]  JMIR formative research 8: e55679-e55679.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Social anxiety disorder (SAD) is a long-term and overwhelming fear of social situations that can affect work, school, and other daily activities. Although cognitive behavioral therapy is effective, few seek treatment, and many who do start often drop out. This may be due to the component of exposure inherent to cognitive behavioral therapy, where the patient confronts feared stimuli outside the therapist's office, which they otherwise try to avoid. As an alternative, research has explored the effectiveness of virtual reality (VR)-based exposure therapy with promising results. However, few studies have investigated the feasibility of VR tools using mixed methodologies before assessing their efficacy.OBJECTIVE: This study aims to assess the usability, feasibility, and presence of four 360° virtual environments and whether these were able to evoke anxiety in patients with SAD.METHODS: A total of 10 adult participants with SAD and 10 healthy controls were recruited for 1 experimental session (age range 21-32 y; 12/20, 60% male participants). Questionnaire and interview data were collected and analyzed. A mixed methods triangulation design was applied to analyze and compare the data.RESULTS: Participants with SAD experienced increased anxiety when exposed to VR, and environments were considered relevant and useful as an exposure tool. Participants with SAD reported significantly higher average anxiety levels (P=.01) and peak anxiety levels (P=.01) compared with controls during exposure; however, significant differences in anxiety when accounting for baseline anxiety levels were only found in 2 of 4 environments (P=.01, P=.01, P=.07, and P=.06). While presence scores were acceptable in both groups, participants with SAD scored significantly lower than controls. Qualitative analyses highlight this finding within the SAD group, where some participants experienced presence reduction due to being observed while in VR and in situations with reduced interaction in VR.CONCLUSIONS: VR exposure with 360° videos seems to be useful as a first step of exposure therapy for patients with SAD. Future exploration in the clinical application of VR-based exposure for SAD, as well as means of increasing presence within the virtual environments, may be useful.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) for exposure therapy in patients with social anxiety disorder (SAD). It does not target older people, and it is not focused on preventing falls. The study assesses the usability and feasibility of VR environments for evoking anxiety in SAD patients, which is different from the criteria specified for exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ersoy, T., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    I-BaR: integrated balance rehabilitation framework.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN NEUROROBOTICS 18.
[Abstract] Neurological diseases are observed in approximately 1 billion people worldwide. A further increase is foreseen at the global level as a result of population growth and aging. Individuals with neurological disorders often experience cognitive, motor, sensory, and lower extremity dysfunctions. Thus, the possibility of falling and balance problems arise due to the postural control deficiencies that occur as a result of the deterioration in the integration of multi-sensory information. We propose a novel rehabilitation framework, Integrated Balance Rehabilitation (I-BaR), to improve the effectiveness of the rehabilitation with objective assessment, individualized therapy, convenience with different disability levels and adoption of assist-as-needed paradigm and, with integrated rehabilitation process as whole, that is, ankle-foot preparation, balance, and stepping phases, respectively. Integrated Balance Rehabilitation allows patients to improve their balance ability by providing multi-modal feedback: visual via utilization of virtual reality; vestibular via anteroposterior and mediolateral perturbations with the robotic platform; proprioceptive via haptic feedback.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract describes a rehabilitation framework (I-BaR) that uses multi-modal feedback, including virtual reality, to improve balance in individuals with neurological disorders. However, the paper does not specifically mention that the intervention targets older people, and it is not clear if the study includes randomized controlled trials. Additionally, the focus is on a broader range of neurological conditions rather than specifically on fall prevention in the elderly. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Erten, A. B., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    The Effectiveness of Video-Based Game Exercise Therapy Applications in Pes Planus Rehabilitation: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  JMIR RESEARCH PROTOCOLS 12.
[Abstract] Background: Pes planus is one of the most common foot deformities. Although there are many studies on the effectiveness of various exercise methods in pes planus rehabilitation, the number of studies on video-based game exercise therapy applications is very limited. Objective: This study aims to evaluate the effectiveness of 2 video-based game exercise therapies and structured exercise practices in pes planus rehabilitation. Methods: This study is a 3-arm, parallel-group, single-blinded randomized controlled trial. The study will include 69 patients with flexible pes planus aged between 18 and 25 years who attend the orthopedics and traumatology clinic and meet the inclusion criteria. The primary outcomes are measures of navicular drop and pedobarographic analysis before and after the intervention, and the secondary outcomes include balance, femoral anteversion, and lower extremity muscle strength. Participants will be evaluated with a navicular drop test for medial longitudinal arch height, a pedobarographic analysis system for plantar pressure analysis, a Craig test for femoral anteversion, the Becure Balance System for balance measurement, and a myometer device for lower extremity muscle strength measurement. Participants will be randomly assigned to a structured exercise group, an exergame group, or a serious game group according to their order of arrival. The structured exercise group will use a short foot exercise, a towel-picking exercise, and various walking and balance exercises. Patients in the serious play group will play the lower extremity games in the Becure Balance System. Patients in the exergame group will play balance games on the Nintendo Wii game console. All participants will participate in 18 exercise sessions (3 days a week for 6 weeks). After the treatment, the initial measurements will be repeated. Results: The study started in January 2023. It is expected to be completed in June 2024. Conclusions: This study will be the first randomized controlled study to evaluate the effectiveness of 2 different video-based game exercise therapy applications in pes planus rehabilitation. Through this study, the use of video-based game exercise therapy in pes planus rehabilitation, together with the developing technology, will be a guide. In addition, a new exercise protocol, including serious game exercises, will be added to the literature. In the future, it is expected that our study on the development of different game systems, especially for the ankle, will provide pioneering feedback.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets young adults (aged 18-25) with pes planus, and the focus is on rehabilitation for this condition rather than fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Eskandari, E., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Validation of a Persian version of an English language ecologically-valid assessment of executive functions through childhood and adolescence.
[Journal]  NEUROPSYCHOLOGICAL REHABILITATION 34(5): 742-760.
[Abstract] Childhood and adolescence are pivotal periods for cognitive development. Executive functions are crucial for efficient cognitive functioning, so accurate assessment is important. One ecologically-valid virtual reality test is the Jansari assessment of Executive Functions for Children (JEF-C-& COPY;). In a cross-sectional study, we aimed at translating, adapting and validating JEF-C into Persian, and at investigating whether this Persian version (JEF-C (P)) can identify stages of development of executive functions in children aged from 8 to 16. Children and adolescents (N = 146) falling into three age groups participated: 8-10, 11-13 and 14-16 years old. They completed JEF-C (P) and the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST). There were acceptable Cronbach's alpha coefficients for JEF-C(P) total score (& alpha; = .72) and all constructs, except action-based prospective memory, had a positive impact on total internal consistency. There was an effect of age group on overall JEF-C (P) performance and of age on four constructs. There was also a correlation between the number of categories on WCST and the prioritization construct of JEF-C (P). It seems that JEF-C (P) is an ecologically valid executive function assessment sensitive to age and could be useful for both researchers and clinicians working with children.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the validation of a Persian version of an English language ecologically-valid assessment of executive functions in children and adolescents. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as it focuses on a different age group and does not involve any exergame intervention.

[Author]   Estevez-Pedraza, A. G., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    A novel model to quantify balance alterations in older adults based on the center of pressure (CoP) measurements with a cross-sectional study.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 16(8).
[Abstract] Background The timely detection of fall risk or balance impairment in older adults is transcendental because, based on a reliable diagnosis, clinical actions can be taken to prevent accidents. This study presents a statistical model to estimate the fall risk from the center of pressure (CoP) data. Methods This study is a cross-sectional analysis from a cohort of community-dwelling older adults aged 60 and over living in Mexico City. CoP balance assessments were conducted in 414 older adults (72.2% females) with a mean age of 70.23 +/- 6.68, using a modified and previously validated Wii Balance Board (MWBB) platform. From this information, 78 CoP indexes were calculated and analyzed. Multiple logistic regression models were fitted in order to estimate the relationship between balance alteration and the CoP indexes and other covariables. Results The CoP velocity index in the Antero-Posterior direction with open eyes (MVELAPOE) had the best value of area under the curve (AUC) to identify a balance alteration (0.714), and in the adjusted model, AUC was increased to 0.827. Older adults with their mean velocity higher than 14.24 mm/s had more risk of presenting a balance alteration than those below this value (OR (Odd Ratio) = 2.94, p<0.001, 95% C.I.(Confidence Interval) 1.68-5.15). Individuals with increased age and BMI were more likely to present a balance alteration (OR 1.17, p<0.001, 95% C.I. 1.12-1.23; OR 1.17, p<0.001, 95% C.I. 1.10-1.25). Contrary to what is reported in the literature, sex was not associated with presenting a balance alteration (p = 0.441, 95% C.I. 0.70-2.27). Significance The proposed model had a discriminatory capacity higher than those estimated by similar means and resources to this research and was implemented in an embedded standalone system which is low-cost, portable, and easy-to-use, ideal for non-laboratory environments. The authors recommend using this technology to support and complement the clinical tools to attend to the serious public health problem represented by falls in older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on developing a statistical model to estimate fall risk from center of pressure (CoP) data using a modified Wii Balance Board. It is a cross-sectional study and does not involve an exergame intervention or a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Etminani-Ghasrodashti, R., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    University-related travel behavior: Young adults' decision-making in Iran.
[Journal]  SUSTAINABLE CITIES AND SOCIETY 43: 495-508.
[Abstract] Recent research suggests that travel behaviors among young adults in the West are changing to rely less on automobile than previous generations. However, little attention has been paid to young adult travelers in developing countries in terms of their mode choices and willingness to adapt to alternative modes compared to the West. This study investigates travel behavior among Iranian university students, who generate a considerable proportion of the daily trips in Iran's largest cities. To investigate university-related travel behavior, current and preferred mode choices were examined for three popular modes of transportation. A comprehensive survey was used to collect data from university students aged 18-30 years old at twelve universities in metropolitan Shiraz. The predictive factors included perceptions toward public transit and walkability, travel attitudes, lifestyle, and built environment characteristics. Employing multilevel integrated multinomial logit and structural equation model approach, this study found that even though public transit was the most common mode of transportation at the time of the study, the majority of respondents reported their preference for private cars compared to public transit. This finding is contrary to the consensus on Millennials' travel behavior in developed countries, which finds that Millennials tend to prefer active travel modes and public transit. The significant attitudinal factors included friendship orientation, and significant lifestyle factors included technological and sport-oriented lifestyles, which influenced current and preferred modal choices. Cultural and educational contexts arguably encourage a preference for driving among young adults in Shiraz. Restrictions on inter-gender interaction among young adults in public places and on public transit in publicly religious cultures such as Iran's also contribute to young adults' preferences for private cars, which differs from the situation in developed countries. Using a private car to demonstrate prestige to others could be more important to young Iranians than the use of automobiles for transportation purposes, which changes the basic function of the vehicle. The unexpected positive relationship between a sport-oriented lifestyle and private car usage might be because university students do not value walking as the most important daily physical activity and this lifestyle is a time-use pattern rather than a behavioral orientation. Two perceptions toward walkability (walking infrastructure and streetscape) positively influenced current and preferred walking/cycling mode. The built environment characteristics of distance to university, land-use diversity, and street density influenced modal choices. Policy suggestions and theoretical contributions that support young adults' sustainable university-related travel are discussed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on travel behavior and mode choices among young adults (university students) in Iran, and does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Eun, S.-J., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Development and Evaluation of an Artificial Intelligence-Based Cognitive Exercise Game: A Pilot Study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL AND PUBLIC HEALTH 2022.
[Abstract] Recently, cognitive serious games have successfully been employed to train cognitive abilities in elderly people with mild cognitive impairment, Alzheimer's disease, and related disorders. However, despite the continuous rehabilitation game design and its applications, the existing cognitive exercise games fall short of user interaction and personalized elements with regard to difficult levels, which leads to users leaving early and losing interests during the gameplay. In this regard, the purpose of the study was to design and develop the serious game inclusive of playful elements for user motivation, the web-based mobile application system for easy accessibility, and Artificial Intelligence- (AI-) based difficulty level adjustment system for prevention from earlier leaving out in the middle of the play so that the elderly users can feel entertaining and immersed into the cognitive game voluntarily. This study was designed as an eight-week pilot experiment with thirty-seven participants in their 60s to 80s for the game's usability assessment purpose. Results of the study showed that the AI-based cognitive exercise game was acceptable, interesting, and motivating for the elderly people and the test results before and after the eight-week training suggest a relationship between longer the training on the game and lower cognitive assessment scores including geriatric quality of life scale, geriatric depression scale, and Korean version of mini-mental state examination (MMSE). These correlations demonstrate the potential value of serious games in clinical assessment of cognitive status for the elderly users with varying cognitive ability. Based on these results, the elderly-centered serious game with playful element can be potentially used in clinical settings, allowing the cognitive training to be more enjoyable and more medically effective. Given these promising results, a more focused study can extend to the game system or additional game tools or features to be explored that solely target the elderly by applying AI and advanced visualization devices.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the development and evaluation of an AI-based cognitive exercise game for elderly people, focusing on improving cognitive abilities and quality of life. However, it does not specifically address the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention is a cognitive exercise game, which does not meet the criteria of being an exergame (which typically involves physical activity). Additionally, the study is a pilot study, and the abstract does not mention a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, based on the given criteria, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Evangelista Junior, F. and I. F. Almeida (2021). 
[Title]    Machine learning RBF-based surrogate models for uncertainty quantification of age and time-dependent fracture mechanics.
[Journal]  ENGINEERING FRACTURE MECHANICS 258.
[Abstract] This paper proposes a machine learning strategy using radial basis function (RBF) as surrogate models for uncertainty quantification of age and time-dependent fracture mechanics problems. The RBF surrogate models are trained to replace the time-consuming evaluations of the mapping integral of the time-dependent energy release rate. The probabilistic problem considers input random variables of geometry, loading, and material parameters for a concrete plate section with the presence of an initial surface crack. The performance of the RBF surrogates was evaluated through cross-validation and Monte Carlo reference solutions that expensively evaluated the integrals. The results of mean square errors and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov goodness-of-fit tests on the predicted probability and cumulative density functions show that, the RBF surrogates reached good accuracy even for a small training set size, rather than second-order polynomial models which could reasonably perform only for bigger training set sizes. The RBF surrogates accurately predict even long-tail distributions for farther prediction times with relatively small training sets. The proposed RBF surrogate models presented the generalization capabilities to predict thousands of unseen data points from Monte Carlo simulations and successfully assess the uncertainty quantification of the time-dependent energy release rate.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using machine learning and radial basis function (RBF) surrogate models for uncertainty quantification in age and time-dependent fracture mechanics. It does not discuss the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The criteria for the intervention targeting older people, the use of exergames, and the inclusion of randomized controlled trials are not met.

[Author]   Evans, J. M., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Artificial Gravity as a Countermeasure to the Cardiovascular Deconditioning of Spaceflight: Gender Perspectives.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PHYSIOLOGY 9.
[Abstract] Space flight-induced physiological deconditioning resulting from decreased gravitational input, decreased plasma volume, and disruption of regulatory mechanisms is a significant problem in returning astronauts as well as in normal aging. Here we review effects of a promising countermeasure on cardiovascular systems of healthy men and women undergoing Earth-based models of space-flight. This countermeasure is produced by a centrifuge and called artificial gravity (AG). Numerous studies have determined that AG improves orthostatic tolerance (as assessed by various protocols) of healthy ambulatory men, of men deconditioned by bed rest or by immersion (both wet and dry) and, in one case, following spaceflight. Although a few studies of healthy, ambulatory women and one study of women deconditioned by furosemide, have reported improvement of orthostatic tolerance following exposure to AG, studies of bed-rested women exposed to AG have not been conducted. However, in ambulatory, normovolemic subjects, AG training was more effective in men than women and more effective in subjects who exercised during AG than in those who passively rode the centrifuge. Acute exposure to an AG protocol, individualized to provide a common stimulus to each person, also improved orthostatic tolerance of normovolemic men and women and of furosemide-deconditioned men and women. Again, men's tolerance was more improved than women's. In both men and women, exposure to AG increased stroke volume, so greater improvement in men vs. women was due in part to their different vascular responses to AG. Following AG exposure, resting blood pressure (via decreased vascular resistance) decreased in men but not women, indicating an increase in men's vascular reserve. Finally, in addition to counteracting space flight deconditioning, improved orthostatic tolerance through AG-induced improvement of stroke volume could benefit aging men and women on Earth.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the abstract involves artificial gravity (AG) produced by a centrifuge, which is used as a countermeasure to cardiovascular deconditioning in spaceflight and aging. The study does not mention exergames, and the focus is on the effects of AG on orthostatic tolerance and cardiovascular systems, rather than on fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Fabricant, P. D., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Virtual Reality Distraction Is No Better Than Simple Distraction Techniques for Reducing Pain and Anxiety During Pediatric Orthopaedic Outpatient Procedures: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  CLINICAL ORTHOPAEDICS AND RELATED RESEARCH 482(5): 854-863.
[Abstract] BackgroundIn-office procedures can be painful and anxiety-provoking for pediatric patients. Minimizing such pain and anxiety in children improves the patient experience and promotes a rewarding and productive patient-caregiver-provider relationship, which may for some young patients be their first memorable encounter with the healthcare system. Although virtual reality (VR) techniques have proven to be helpful in minimizing pain and anxiety during procedures in pediatric intensive care settings, it remains unclear how VR affects objective and subjective measures of pain and anxiety in children undergoing in-office orthopaedic procedures such as cast removal or percutaneous pin removal after fracture healing.Questions/purposesIs a VR gaming simulation more effective than either of two forms of noninteractive visual distraction (VR goggles or tablet computer displaying a noninteractive video) for reducing (1) objective measures of pain and anxiety and (2) subjective measures of pain and anxiety in children undergoing in-office cast removal or percutaneous pin removal?MethodsThis study was a randomized controlled trial with two parallel, separately analyzed cohorts: children undergoing in-office cast removal or in-office percutaneous pin removal at a single urban tertiary institution. We approached eligible patients who were scheduled to undergo outpatient cast or percutaneous pin removal and who met prespecified inclusion criteria. We enrolled until 105 patients were available for analysis in each of the cast removal and pin removal cohorts. Of note, the study institution was in an urban epicenter of the coronavirus-19 pandemic, and clinical research was paused sporadically, which resulted in a longer-than-expected enrollment period. In the cast removal cohort, all patients were eligible for inclusion and were enrolled and randomized into one of three groups: VR gaming simulation (n = 37), VR goggles with a noninteractive video (n = 36), or a tablet computer with the same noninteractive video (n = 40). Eleven percent (4), 8% (3), and 3% (1) withdrew from each of the three intervention groups, respectively. In the pin removal cohort, all patients were eligible for inclusion and were enrolled and randomized into the same three groups (37, 44, and 41 patients, respectively). In the pin removal group, 14% (5), 18% (8), and 10% (4) withdrew from each of the three intervention groups, respectively. In all, 235 patients were enrolled in the study and 210 patients (mean +/- SD age 9 +/- 3 years; 48% [100] girls) were included in the final analyses. There were no clinically important differences in age, gender, preprocedure pain, or anxiety among the intervention groups. Primary outcomes included preprocedure-to-maximum heart rate increase (objective measure) and preprocedure and postprocedure pain and anxiety using a VAS (subjective measures). One-way ANOVA and Bonferroni-adjusted pairwise comparisons were used to calculate between-group differences for the primary outcomes.ResultsThere were no intervention-level groupwise differences between VR goggles with an interactive game, VR goggles with a noninteractive video, or the tablet computer with the same video in preprocedure-to-maximum heart rate increase in the cast removal cohort (18 +/- 21 bpm versus 14 +/- 11 bpm versus 20 +/- 16 bpm, respectively; largest mean difference -6 bpm [95% CI -16 to 3]; p = 0.36) or pin removal cohort (27 +/- 20 bpm versus 23 +/- 12 bpm versus 24 +/- 19 bpm, respectively; largest mean difference 4 bpm [95% CI -7 to 14]; p = 0.99). Similarly, there were no intervention-level groupwise differences in preprocedure to postprocedure VAS pain in the cast removal cohort (1 +/- 1 versus 1 +/- 2 versus 0 +/- 2, respectively; largest mean difference 0 points [95% CI 0 to 1]; p = 0.89) or pin removal cohort (0 +/- 3 versus 2 +/- 3 versus 0 +/- 3 points, respectively; largest mean difference 1 point [95% CI 0 to 3]; p = 0.13). Finally, there were no intervention-level groupwise differences between the same intervention groups in preprocedure to postprocedure VAS anxiety in the cast removal cohort (-2 +/- 2 versus -1 +/- 2 versus -1 +/- 2 points, respectively; largest mean difference -1 point [95% CI -2 to 1]; p = 0.63) or pin removal cohort (-3 +/- 3 versus -4 +/- 4 versus -3 +/- 3 points, respectively; largest mean difference -1 point [95% CI -2 to 1]; p = 0.99).ConclusionDuring in-office cast and pin removal in pediatric patients, simple distraction techniques such as tablet video viewing are as effective as higher-fidelity VR headset video and interactive games in minimizing objective measures of procedural pain and subjective measures of pain and anxiety. Because of these findings and because of the associated costs, implementation logistics, and variable tolerance by young patients, widespread use of VR distraction techniques in the pediatric orthopaedic outpatient setting is unnecessary.Level of EvidenceLevel I, therapeutic study.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) and other distraction techniques to reduce pain and anxiety in pediatric patients during orthopaedic outpatient procedures. It does not target older people, and it is not focused on preventing falls. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Factor, R. and M. Kang (2015). 
[Title]    Corruption and population health outcomes: an analysis of data from 133 countries using structural equation modeling.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF PUBLIC HEALTH 60(6): 633-641.
[Abstract] Objectives The current study aims to develop a theoretical framework for understanding the antecedents of corruption and the effects of corruption on various health indicators.MethodsUsing structural equation models, we analyzed a multinational dataset of 133 countries that included three main groups of variables-antecedents of corruption, corruption measures, and health indicators.Results Controlling for various factors, our results suggest that corruption rises as GDP per capita falls and as the regime becomes more autocratic. Higher corruption is associated with lower levels of health expenditure as a percentage of GDP per capita, and with poorer health outcomes. Countries with higher GDP per capita and better education for women have better health outcomes regardless of health expenditures and regime type.Conclusions Our results suggest that there is no direct relationship between health expenditures and health outcomes after controlling for the other factors in the model. Our study enhances our understanding of the conceptual and theoretical links between corruption and health outcomes in a population, including factors that may mediate how corruption can affect health outcomes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the relationship between corruption, economic factors, and health outcomes across 133 countries, using structural equation modeling. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention, target population, or methodology related to exergames and fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Faisal, H., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Usability and Tolerability of Virtual Reality-Based Cognitive Stimulation in Healthy Elderly Volunteers-A Feasibility Clinical Trial.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL.
[Abstract] Background: The aim of the current pilot study was to evaluate the usability, acceptability, and tolerability of virtual reality (VR)-based cognitive stimulation exercises (CSEs) in healthy young versus old populations before health care integration. A secondary aim was to assess the accuracy of VR games as a proxy for cognitive stimulation, specifically for attention. VR-based CSEs promise to improve attention and brain function through varied learning systems. Methods: This is a Phase 1 feasibility clinical trial at a single center. It involves 30 healthy volunteers randomly selected using the American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) physical status classification system. Participants fall into ASA 1 (age >18-35 years, n = 15) or ASA 2 (age >60 years, n = 15) categories. All participants tested the ReCognitionVR-based CSEs. Feasibility criterion: Participants in each group were monitored for completion of 20 minutes of VR-based CSEs. Acceptability criterion: Proportion of participants with system usability scale (SUS) >35 or SUS score of 87.5. Safety (tolerability) monitoring: Sessions were monitored for neurological, cardiovascular, or pulmonary adverse events (AEs). Safety criterion: No more than 10% of sessions stopped due to neurological, cardiovascular, or pulmonary AEs. Results: The primary outcome (feasibility) of ReCognitionVR-based CSEs was 100%. For the secondary outcome (acceptability), there was no group difference in SUS scores (ASA 1 = 88.17 +/- 12.83 vs. ASA 2 = 88.39 +/- 10.22, P = 0.81). For the tertiary outcome (safety), mild transient uneasiness was reported by two (13.4%) ASA 1 participants (resolved in 2 minutes), and one (6.67%) ASA 1 participant experienced a temporary >20% increase in blood pressure from baseline. No ASA 2 participants had AEs. Conclusion: The feasibility, acceptability, and safety of ReCognitionVR-based CSEs in healthy elderly volunteers are acceptable, indicating that the evaluation of the ReCognitionVR-based CSEs in hospitalized patients is reasonable.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the usability, acceptability, and tolerability of virtual reality (VR)-based cognitive stimulation exercises in healthy elderly volunteers. While it does involve an exergame (VR-based cognitive stimulation) and includes older people, the study is a feasibility clinical trial, not a randomized controlled trial reporting on the effectiveness of the intervention for preventing falls. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria specified.

[Author]   Fang, K., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    A comprehensive approach for osteoporosis detection through chest CT analysis and bone turnover markers: harnessing radiomics and deep learning techniques.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN ENDOCRINOLOGY 15.
[Abstract] Purpose The main objective of this study is to assess the possibility of using radiomics, deep learning, and transfer learning methods for the analysis of chest CT scans. An additional aim is to combine these techniques with bone turnover markers to identify and screen for osteoporosis in patients.Method A total of 488 patients who had undergone chest CT and bone turnover marker testing, and had known bone mineral density, were included in this study. ITK-SNAP software was used to delineate regions of interest, while radiomics features were extracted using Python. Multiple 2D and 3D deep learning models were trained to identify these regions of interest. The effectiveness of these techniques in screening for osteoporosis in patients was compared.Result Clinical models based on gender, age, and beta-cross achieved an accuracy of 0.698 and an AUC of 0.665. Radiomics models, which utilized 14 selected radiomics features, achieved a maximum accuracy of 0.750 and an AUC of 0.739. The test group yielded promising results: the 2D Deep Learning model achieved an accuracy of 0.812 and an AUC of 0.855, while the 3D Deep Learning model performed even better with an accuracy of 0.854 and an AUC of 0.906. Similarly, the 2D Transfer Learning model achieved an accuracy of 0.854 and an AUC of 0.880, whereas the 3D Transfer Learning model exhibited an accuracy of 0.740 and an AUC of 0.737. Overall, the application of 3D deep learning and 2D transfer learning techniques on chest CT scans showed excellent screening performance in the context of osteoporosis.Conclusion Bone turnover markers may not be necessary for osteoporosis screening, as 3D deep learning and 2D transfer learning techniques utilizing chest CT scans proved to be equally effective alternatives.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using radiomics, deep learning, and transfer learning methods to analyze chest CT scans for the detection and screening of osteoporosis. It does not mention exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The focus is on diagnostic techniques rather than on interventions involving physical activity or cognitive training.

[Author]   Fang, Q., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Effects of Exergaming on Balance of Healthy Older Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 9(1): 11-23.
[Abstract] Balance is critical for older adults to perform daily activities. However, age-related declines in balance increase the risk of falls and severe injuries, such as bone fractures and head injuries. Exergames have been widely applied to improve health-related outcomes in older adults. This meta-analysis aims to quantify the effects of exergaming interventions on balance performance in healthy older adults. A literature search was performed using PubMed, ScienceDirect, SPORTDiscus, COCHRANE, EBSCO, and EMBASE. A total of 16 experimental studies met inclusion criteria for a full-text review. Data synthesis examined balance functions, including static, dynamic, proactive, and perceived balance abilities when performing daily activities. Intervention protocols of the reviewed studies included an average of two to three 40-minute exergaming sessions per week for 8 weeks. A random effects model identified significant effects in favor of the exergaming group, with moderate effect size in dynamic balance (Hedges' g = 0.36, 95% CI = 0.26-1.30, P < 0.001), and perceived balance (Hedges' g = 0.31, 95% CI = 0.04-0.58, P = 0.02); and considerable effect size in Chair Stand Test (Hedges' g = 0.78, 95% CI = 0.26-1.30, P = 0.003), and balance test batteries (Hedges' g = 0.72, 95% CI = 0.42-1.02, P < 0.001). No significant effect was found in the static balance (Hedges' g = 0.22, 95% CI = -0.31 to 0.76, P = 0.42), or proactive balance (Hedges' g = 0.54, 95% CI = -0.12 to 1.20, P = 0.11). Meta-analysis identified exergaming-associated benefits in older adults' balance function and confidence. This finding supports the feasibility of exergaming as a supplementary approach to improve balance for healthy older adults. Health professionals may optimize treatment effect by integrating exergaming sessions into a traditional balance exercise program.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria of including original data from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it is not suitable for the specific question about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly based on the given criteria.

[Author]   Farshidi, M. H., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Effect of pre-rolling aging treatment on evolutions of the microstructure and the texture of aluminium alloy 7005 subjected to heavy cold rolling.
[Journal]  ACTA CRYSTALLOGRAPHICA SECTION B-STRUCTURAL SCIENCE CRYSTAL ENGINEERING AND MATERIALS 79: 408-413.
[Abstract] Aluminium alloy 7005 is widely used for structural purposes because of its attractive properties such as good weldability and age-hardening capability. However, since the workability of this alloy falls after a short period of natural aging, the application of cold rolling for the production of strain-hardened sheets of this alloy is a challenge. Two solutions proposed to overcome this challenge are as follows: (a) immediate rolling of the alloy after solution treatment and (b) rolling of the alloy after artificial aging. However, there is no comprehensive study comparing the effect of pre-rolling aging treatments on the evolutions of microstructure and texture of the alloy through heavy cold rolling. This subject is the aim of the present study. For this purpose, different pieces of the alloy are subjected to three different heat treatments before rolling, and afterward, they are rolled to obtain a thickness reduction of 80%. Scanning electron microscopy with electron backscattered diffraction observations are applied to study the evolutions of the microstructure and the texture of the alloy. Results show that the progression of pre-rolling aging decreases the incidence of micro-scaled shear bands by rolling. In addition, the rolling texture intensity decreases with the advancement of pre-rolling aging. Mechanisms responsible for this effect are discussed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effect of pre-rolling aging treatment on the microstructure and texture of an aluminum alloy. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Faure, C., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of the miWe Simulator Training on Powered Wheelchair-driving Skills: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE AND REHABILITATION 104(9): 1371-1377.
[Abstract] Objectives: To evaluate the effectiveness of a home-based simulator training, in comparison with a videogame-based training, in terms of pow-ered wheelchair driving skills, skills use in a real-world setting, and driving confidence. Design: Single-blinded randomized controlled trial. Setting: Community. Participants: New powered wheelchair users (N=47) randomly allocated to simulator group (n=24, 2 drop-out) and control group (n=23, 3 drop-out). Interventions: The miWe wheelchair simulator (simulator group) or a kart driving videogame (control group) was setted-up at participants' homes (computer + joystick). They were instructed to use it at least 20 minutes every 2 days, during a period of 2 weeks. Primary Outcome Measure(s): Assessments were done at baseline (T1) and post-training (T2) using the Wheelchair Skills Test Questionnaire (WST-Q, version 4.1), Wheelchair Confidence Scale (WheelCon), Assistive Technology Outcomes Profile for Mobility, and Life-Space Assess-ment (LSA). The time necessary to complete 6 WST tasks was measured with a stopwatch. Results: Participants of the simulator group significantly increased their WST-Q capacity score at T2 by 7.5% (P<.05), whereas the control group remained at the same score (P=.218). Participants of both groups rolled backward and went through a door significantly faster at T2 (P=.007; P=.016), but their speed did not change for the other skills. The WheelCon score significantly increased after training (+4% for the control group and +3.5% for the simulator group, P=.001). There was no T1-T2 difference between groups for the WST-Q performance scores (P=.119), the ATOP-Activity (P=.686), the ATOP-Participation scores (P=.814), and the LSA score (P=.335). No adverse events or side effects were reported during data collection or training. Conclusions: Participants of both groups improved some skills and their wheelchair driving confidence. The simulator training group also demon-strated a modest post-training gain in their WST-Q capacity, but more studies would be needed to explore the long-term effects of the McGill immersive wheelchair simulator (miWe) simulator on driving skills.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effectiveness of a home-based simulator training and a videogame-based training on powered wheelchair-driving skills in new powered wheelchair users. While it does involve an intervention that could be considered similar to exergames (i.e., a kart driving videogame) and includes a randomized controlled trial, the primary focus is on improving wheelchair driving skills and confidence, not specifically on preventing falls in the elderly. The participants are also not explicitly described as elderly, but rather as new powered wheelchair users. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Feinstein, A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Cognitive rehabilitation and aerobic exercise for cognitive impairment in people with progressive multiple sclerosis (CogEx): a randomised, blinded, sham-controlled trial.
[Journal]  LANCET NEUROLOGY 22(10): 912-924.
[Abstract] Background Cognitive dysfunction in people with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis can improve with cognitive rehabilitation or exercise. Similar effects have not been clearly shown in people with progressive multiple sclerosis. We aimed to investigate the individual and synergistic effects of cognitive rehabilitation and exercise in patients with progressive multiple sclerosis.Methods CogEx was a randomised, sham-controlled trial completed in 11 hospital clinics, universities, and rehabilitation centres in Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Italy, UK, and USA. Patients with progressive multiple sclerosis were eligible for inclusion if they were aged 25-65 years and had an Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) score of less than 7. All had impaired processing speed defined as a performance of 1 center dot 282 SD or greater below normative data on the Symbol Digit modalities Tests (SDMT). Participants were randomly assigned (1:1:1:1), using an interactive web-response system accessed online from each centre, to cognitive rehabilitation plus exercise, cognitive rehabilitation plus sham exercise, exercise plus sham cognitive rehabilitation, or sham exercise plus sham cognitive rehabilitation. The study statistician created the randomisation sequence that was stratified by centre. Participants, outcome assessors, and investigators were blinded to group allocation. The study statistician was masked to treatment during analysis only. Interventions were conducted two times per week for 12 weeks: cognitive rehabilitation used an individualised, computer-based, incremental approach to improve processing speed; sham cognitive rehabilitation consisted of internet training provided individually; the exercise intervention involved individualised aerobic training using a recumbent arm-leg stepper; and the sham exercise involved stretching and balance tasks without inducing cardiovascular strain. The primary outcome measure was processing speed measured by SDMT at 12 weeks; least squares mean differences were compared between groups using linear mixed model in all participants who had a 12-week assessment. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03679468, and is completed.Findings Between Dec 14, 2018, and April 2, 2022, 311 people with progressive multiple sclerosis were enrolled and 284 (91%) completed the 12-week assessment (117/311 [38%] male and 194/311 [62%] female). The least squares mean group differences in SDMT at 12 weeks did not differ between groups (p=0 center dot 85). Compared with the sham cognitive rehabilitation and sham exercise group (n=67), differences were -1 center dot 30 (95% CI -3 center dot 75 to 1 center dot 16) for the cognitive rehabilitation plus exercise group (n=70); -2 center dot 78 (-5 center dot 23 to -0 center dot 33) for the sham cognitive rehabilitation plus exercise group (n=71); and -0 center dot 71 (-3 center dot 11 to 1 center dot 70) for the cognitive rehabilitation plus sham exercise group (n=76). 11 adverse events possibly related to the interventions occurred, six in the exercise plus sham cognitive rehabilitation group (pain, dizziness, and falls), two in the cognitive rehabilitation plus sham exercise group (headache and pain), two in the cognitive rehabilitation and exercise group (increased fatigue and pain), and one in the dual sham group (fall).Interpretation Combined cognitive rehabilitation plus exercise does not seem to improve processing speed in people with progressive multiple sclerosis. However, our sham interventions were not inactive.Studies comparing interventions with a non-intervention group are needed to investigate whether clinically meaningful improvements in processing speed might be attainable in people with progressive multiple sclerosis.Copyright (c) 2023 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a randomized, blinded, sham-controlled trial investigating the effects of cognitive rehabilitation and aerobic exercise on cognitive impairment in people with progressive multiple sclerosis. The intervention does not specifically target older people, and the primary focus is on cognitive rehabilitation and aerobic exercise, not exergames. Additionally, the study's primary outcome is processing speed, and it does not address fall prevention. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Feng, H., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Virtual Reality Rehabilitation Versus Conventional Physical Therapy for Improving Balance and Gait in Parkinson's Disease Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  MEDICAL SCIENCE MONITOR 25: 4186-4192.
[Abstract] Background: The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of virtual reality (VR) technology on balance and gait in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD).Material/Methods: The study design was a single-blinded, randomized, controlled study. Twenty-eight patients with PD were randomly divided into the experimental group (n=14) and the control group (n=14). The experimental group received VR training, and the control group received conventional physical therapy. Patients performed 45 minutes per session, 5 days a week, for 12 weeks. Individuals were assessed pre- and post-rehabilitation with the Berg Balance Scale (BBS), Timed Up and Go Test (TUGT), Third Part of Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS3), and Functional Gait Assessment (FGA).Results: After treatment, BBS, TUGT, and FGA scores had improved significantly in both groups (P<0.05). However, there was no significant difference in the UPDRS3 between the pre- and post-rehabilitation data of the control group (P>0.05). VR training resulted in significantly better performance compared with the conventional physical therapy group (P<0.05).Conclusions: The results of this study indicate that 12 weeks of VR rehabilitation resulted in a greater improvement in the balance and gait of individuals with PD when compared to conventional physical therapy.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation: While the paper does involve the use of virtual reality (VR) as an intervention, which can be considered a form of exergame, and it is a randomized controlled trial, the target population is patients with Parkinson's disease, not specifically older people. Additionally, the focus is on improving balance and gait in Parkinson's disease patients, rather than preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, this paper does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Fernandez, I. J., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Training model for salvage procedures in endoscopic stapes surgery.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN ARCHIVES OF OTO-RHINO-LARYNGOLOGY 278(4): 987-995.
[Abstract] Purpose The learning curve in endoscopic stapes surgery, is flat and long. There is limited space during training for advanced and salvage procedures, which could be necessary in unexpected intraoperative scenarios. The aim of the present study is to develop an ex-vivo animal model for training in salvage and advanced procedures in endoscopic stapes surgery Methods After defining the difficult intraoperative scenarios requiring a salvage procedure during stapes surgery, we used the ovine model to create those intraoperative situations. After assessing the suitability of the model for that purpose, it was validated by subjective feedback rating (scale from 1 to 10) and by comparing the relevant anatomical structures for stapes surgery with the human. Finally, an optimal sequence of surgical steps was defined. Results 8 Fresh frozen lamb heads (16 ears) were studied. The selected intraoperative scenarios were: floating footplate, footplate fracture, luxation of the incus or necrosis of the long process, overhanging facial nerve, obliterative otosclerosis. The simulation resulted feasible and close to real. The mean overall rating for surgical scenarios ranged from 7.5 to 8.8 for residents and was consistent with the rating of senior surgeons, ranging from 7.67 and 9.0. Anatomical measures of the oval window area resulted similar between the ovine and the human. Conclusion The ex-vivo ovine model is a suitable model for training in salvage and advanced procedures in exclusively endoscopic stapes surgery. The model can be used both for the training and maintenance of the acquired advanced skills in endoscopic stapes surgery.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing an ex-vivo animal model for training in salvage and advanced procedures in endoscopic stapes surgery. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any form of virtual reality, video games, or cognitive training. The study also does not focus on fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ferrazzoli, D., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Motor-cognitive approach and aerobic training: a synergism for rehabilitative intervention in Parkinson's disease.
[Journal]  NEURODEGENERATIVE DISEASE MANAGEMENT 10(1): 41-55.
[Abstract] Parkinson's disease (PD) results in a complex deterioration of motor behavior. Effective pharmacological or surgical treatments addressing the whole spectrum of both motor and cognitive symptoms are lacking. The cumulative functional impairment may have devastating socio-economic consequences on both patients and caregivers. Comprehensive models of care based on multidisciplinary approaches may succeed in better addressing the overall complexity of PD. Neurorehabilitation is a highly promising non-pharmacological intervention for managing PD. The scientific rationale beyond rehabilitation and its practical applicability remain to be established. In the present perspective, we aim to discuss the current evidence supporting integrated motor-cognitive and aerobic rehabilitation approaches for patients with PD while suggesting a practical framework to optimize this intervention in the next future.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract does not mention the use of exergames, and the focus is on Parkinson's disease rather than specifically on preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, the paper appears to be a perspective or review, which does not meet the criteria for including randomized controlled trials with reported results.

[Author]   Fettrow, T., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Walking Cadence Affects the Recruitment of the Medial-Lateral Balance Mechanisms.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN SPORTS AND ACTIVE LIVING 1.
[Abstract] We have previously identified three balance mechanisms that young healthy adults use to maintain balance while walking. The three mechanisms are: (1) The lateral ankle mechanism, an active modulation of ankle inversion/eversion in stance; (2) The foot placement mechanism, an active shift of the swing foot placement; and (3) The push-off mechanism, an active modulation of the ankle plantarflexion angle during double stance. Here we seek to determine whether there are changes in neural control of balance when walking at different cadences and speeds. Twenty-one healthy young adults walked on a self-paced treadmill while immersed in a 3D virtual reality cave, and periodically received balance perturbations (bipolar galvanic vestibular stimulation) eliciting a perceived fall to the side. Subjects were instructed to match two cadences specified by a metronome, 110 bpm (High) and 80 bpm (Low), which in this experiment, led to faster and slower gait speeds, respectively. The results indicate that subjects altered the use of the balance mechanisms at different cadences. The lateral ankle mechanism was used more in the Low condition, while the foot placement mechanism was used more in the High condition. There was no difference in the use of the push-off mechanism between cadence conditions. These results suggest that neural control of balance is altered when gait characteristics, such as cadence change, suggesting a flexible balance response that is sensitive to the constraints of the gait cycle. We speculate that the use of the balance mechanisms may be a factor resulting in well-known characteristics of gait in populations with compromised balance control, such as slower gait speed in older adults or higher cadence in people with Parkinson's disease.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on how walking cadence affects balance mechanisms in young healthy adults, using a 3D virtual reality environment. It does not target older people, and the primary focus is not on an exergame intervention for fall prevention. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Fien, S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Anthropometric, physical function and general health markers of Masters athletes: a cross-sectional study.
[Journal]  PEERJ 5.
[Abstract] Once the general decline in muscle mass, muscle strength and physical performance falls below specific thresholds the middle aged or older adult will be diagnosed as having sarcopenia (a loss of skeletal muscle mass and strength). Sarcopenia contributes to a range of adverse events in older age including disability, hospitalisation, institutionalisation and falls. One potentially relevant but understudied population for sarcopenia researchers would be Masters athletes. Masters sport is becoming more common as it allows athletes (typically 40 years and older) the opportunity to participate in individual and/or team sports against individuals of similar age. This study examined a variety of measures of anthropornetric, physical function and general health markers in the male and female Masters athletes who competed at the 2014 Pan Pacific Masters Games held on the Gold Coast, Australia. Bioelectrical impedance analysis was used to collect body fat percentage, fat mass and fat-free mass; with body mass, height, body mass index (BMI) and sarcopenic status also recorded. Physical function was quantified by handgrip strength and habitual walking speed; with general health described by the number of chronic diseases and prescribed medications. Between group analyses utilised ANOVA and Tukey's post-hoc tests to examine the effect of age group (40-49, 50-59, 60-69 and >70 years old) on the outcome measures for the entire sample as well as the male and female sub-groups. A total of 156 athletes (78 male, 78 female; mean 55.7 years) provided informed consent to participate in this study. These athletes possessed substantially better anthropometric, physical function land general health characteristics than the literature for their less physically active age-matched peers. No Masters athletes were categorised as being sarcopenic, although one participant had below normal physical performance and six participants had below normal muscle strength. In contrast, significant age-related reductions in handgrip strength and increases in the number of chronic diseases and prescribed medications were observed for the overall cohort as well as the male and female sub-groups. Nevertheless, even those aged over 70 years only averaged one chronic disease and one prescribed medication. These results may suggest that participation in Masters sport helps to maintain anthropometry, physical function and general health in middle-aged and older adults. However, lit is also possible that only healthier middle-aged and older adults with favourable body composition and physical function may be able to participate in Masters sport. Future research should therefore utilise longitudinal research designs to determine the health and functional benefits of Master sports participation for middle-aged and older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the anthropometric, physical function, and general health markers of Masters athletes, and it is a cross-sectional study rather than a randomized controlled trial involving exergames.

[Author]   Figueira, B., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Physiological Responses and Technical-Tactical Performance of Youth Basketball Players: A Brief Comparison between 3x3 and 5x5 Basketball.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SPORTS SCIENCE AND MEDICINE 21(2): 332-340.
[Abstract] This study aims to examine youth players??? physiological responses and technical-tactical performance when playing simulated 3x3 and 5x5 basketball games. Fifteen well-trained male basketball players (16.6 ?? 0.2 years old) participated in scrimmage basketball games under two different conditions: 3x3 (half-court) and 5x5 (full-court). The players??? heart rate, muscle oxygen saturation and total hemoglobin data were collected and computed to describe physiological responses, while video analysis was used to characterize their technical-tactical performance. A Bayesian one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used to quantify the predictive influence of both game conditions on the physiological and the technical-tactical variables. The results indicated that different game conditions influenced the players??? physiological responses slightly, as only hemoglobin sample entropy increased between the 3x3 and 5x5 game scenarios. Conversely, statistical differences in most of the technical-tactical variables were moderate and decisive in favour of the game condition model. Overall, this study emphasizes that playing 3x3 and 5x5 basketball games lead to relatively negligible differences in the players??? physiological response but pronounced variations in their technical-tactical performance. Therefore, important implications may be drawn to the applied field as the specificity of technical-tactical adaptations when playing 3x3 or 5x5 formats should be considered by basketball coaches to better design the training sessions for players that fall within our sample age category.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the physiological responses and technical-tactical performance of youth basketball players in 3x3 and 5x5 basketball games. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as it focuses on a different age group and does not involve exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Fiset, F., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Effects of age on the visuo-locomotor control used to circumvent a virtual pedestrian with different limb movements.
[Journal]  HUMAN MOVEMENT SCIENCE 87.
[Abstract] It is known that young adults (YA) circumvent pedestrians differently than inanimate obstacles and that limb movements of the pedestrian influence minimum clearance for predictable pedestrian paths. Although older adults (OA) use more cautious strategies for general pedestrian avoidance compared to YA, how pedestrian movements influence circumvention by OAs is un-known. The aim of this study was to understand how limb movements of a pedestrian with an initially unpredictable trajectory affect circumvention control in younger vs older healthy adults. Fourteen YA and 14 OA (> 70 years) were immersed in a virtual shopping mall and instructed to circumvent a virtual pedestrian (VP) approaching with either normal locomotor movements, upper limbs fixed, lower limbs fixed, or both upper and lower limbs fixed. Onset distance for trajectory deviation, minimum clearance, walking speed, body segment yaw angles and gaze behaviour were analysed. When the VP lacked local limb movements, both age groups initiated their trajectory deviations farther away, but significantly more so for OA. Minimal clearance was unchanged across conditions and similar for both age groups. OA walked slower, produced smaller head and trunk yaw, and visually focused on the VP for a greater percentage of time. Thus, lack of limb movements of another pedestrian resulted in more cautious circumvention control and OA needed more time to process visual information with greater visual attention focused on the VP. Age-related changes could translate to a greater risk of falls in OA populations with reduced balance and mobility that could limit community ambulation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it involves older adults and a virtual environment, the focus is on understanding how limb movements of a virtual pedestrian affect circumvention control, rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Fishbein, P., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    A Preliminary Study of Dual-Task Training Using Virtual Reality: Influence on Walking and Balance in Chronic Poststroke Survivors.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF STROKE & CEREBROVASCULAR DISEASES 28(11).
[Abstract] Background: Stroke is a leading cause of death and disability in the Western world, and leads to impaired balance and mobility. Objective: To investigate the feasibility of using a Virtual Reality-based dual task of an upper extremity while treadmill walking, to improve gait and functional balance performance of chronic poststroke survivors. Methods: Twenty-two individuals chronic poststroke participated in the study, and were divided into 2 groups (each group performing an 8-session exercise program): 11 participated in dual-task walking (DTW), and the other 11 participated in single-task treadmill walking (TMW). The study was a randomized controlled trial, with assessors blinded to the participants' allocated group. Measurements were conducted at pretest, post-test, and follow-up. Outcome measures included: the 10-m walking test (10 mW), Timed Up and Go (TUG), the Functional Reach Test (FRT), the Lateral Reach Test Left/Right (LRT-L/R); the Activities-specific Balance Confidence (ABC) scale, and the Berg Balance Scale(BBS). Results: Improvements were observed in balance variables: BBS, FRT, LRT-L/R, (P < .01) favoring the DTW group; in gait variables: 10 mW time, also favoring the DTW group (P < .05); and the ABC scale (P < .01). No changes for interaction were observed in the TUG. Conclusions: The results of this study demonstrate the potential of VR-based DTW to improve walking and balance in people after stroke; thus, it is suggested to combine training sessions that require the performance of multiple tasks at the same time.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a Virtual Reality-based dual task to improve walking and balance in chronic poststroke survivors. While it does involve an exergame (Virtual Reality) and includes a randomized controlled trial, the target population is not specifically older people but rather individuals who have had a stroke. Therefore, it does not fully meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Fisher, J. M. and R. W. Walker (2014). 
[Title]    A new age approach to an age old problem: using simulation to teach geriatric medicine to medical students.
[Journal]  AGE AND AGEING 43(3): 424-428.
[Abstract] Background: simulation-based teaching is increasingly used in medical education, but no studies have evaluated its impact on learning in geriatric medicine. We developed and delivered a simulation teaching session on delirium, falls, elder abuse and breaking bad news. Simulation mannequins, professional role-players and simulated clinical documentation were all incorporated into scenarios. We evaluated the effect of this intervention on student learning and on students' attitudes towards geriatric medicine.Methods: third year Newcastle University MBBS students at Northumbria base unit received the simulation-based teaching session. Students' knowledge was assessed using a three question test mapped to learning outcomes for the elder abuse, delirium and falls stations. Each student undertook the test on three occasions: the day before the teaching session, immediately after the session and similar to 1 month later, allowing evaluation of learning over time. Test scores were also compared with those achieved by another cohort of third year MBBS students at a different base unit, who received traditional ward-based and didactic teaching but no simulation teaching.Results: student knowledge improved significantly after the simulation session and this was maintained when reassessed a month later. Students who received the simulation-based training outperformed those who received usual teaching. Student feedback was overwhelmingly positive and the vast majority of students agreed that the session had a positive impact on their perceptions of geriatric medicine.Discussion: our findings demonstrate the efficacy of simulation-based teaching in undergraduate geriatric medicine, its acceptability to students and its positive influence on students' perceptions of the specialty.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using simulation-based teaching to educate medical students on geriatric medicine, including topics such as delirium, falls, elder abuse, and breaking bad news. While falls are mentioned, the focus is on teaching medical students rather than directly preventing falls in the elderly through exergames. The intervention does not involve exergames or any form of virtual reality, video games, or electronic games. Additionally, the study evaluates the impact of the teaching method on student learning and attitudes, not on the prevention of falls in older people.

[Author]   Flaborea, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Contracting skeletal kinematics for human-related video anomaly detection.
[Journal]  PATTERN RECOGNITION 156.
[Abstract] Detecting the anomaly of human behavior is paramount to timely recognizing endangering situations, such as street fights or elderly falls. However, anomaly detection is complex since anomalous events are rare and because it is an open set recognition task, i.e., what is anomalous at inference has not been observed at training. We propose COSKAD, a novel model that encodes skeletal human motion by a graph convolutional network and learns to COntract SKeletal kinematic embeddings onto a latent hypersphere of minimum volume for Video Anomaly Detection. We propose three latent spaces: the commonly-adopted Euclidean and the novel spherical and hyperbolic. All variants outperform the state-of-the-art on the most recent UBnormal dataset, for which we contribute a human-related version with annotated skeletons. COSKAD sets a new state-of-the-art on the human-related versions of ShanghaiTech Campus and CUHK Avenue, , with performance comparable to video-based methods. Source code and dataset will be released upon acceptance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a model (COSKAD) for detecting anomalies in human behavior, such as street fights or elderly falls, using video data. While it mentions elderly falls, the focus is on anomaly detection through video analysis and not on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Fleming, A., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Proportional Myoelectric Control of a Virtual Inverted Pendulum Using Residual Antagonistic Muscles: Toward Voluntary Postural Control.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON NEURAL SYSTEMS AND REHABILITATION ENGINEERING 27(7): 1473-1482.
[Abstract] This paper aims to investigate whether transtibial amputees are capable of coordinating the descending neural commands to antagonistic residual ankle muscles for performing dynamic tasks that require continuous, precise control. To achieve this goal, we developed a virtual inverted pendulum that was inherently unstable and mimicked human-like dynamics in a standing posture. Balancing this dynamic system requires continuous inputs, proportional to electromyography (EMG) magnitudes recorded from (residual) tibialis anterior (TA) and lateral gastrocnemius muscles (GAS), respectively. The six able-bodied and six transtibial amputees were recruited and asked to balance the inverted pendulum for ten 90-s trials. The results showed that the amputees were capable of controlling this unstable dynamic system with a proportional myoelectric control; however, they underperformed the able-bodied subjects, who maintained the pendulum closer to center (p = 0.041). Compared to the performance in the initial two trials, amputees improved the performance by significantly reducing the number of pendulum falls (p = 0.0329) and sway size (p = 0.048) in the final two trials. However, the amount of improvement varied across amputee subjects. Amputee subjects demonstrated different task adaptation strategies, including reduction of erroneous residual muscle contractions, development of an appropriate state-action (pendulum state-EMG activation) relationship for the task, and/or reduction of muscle control variability with the improved task performance efficiency (i.e., increased inactivity and sway minimization). The results suggest that after the training of transtibial amputees in coordinating antagonistic residual muscles in dynamic systems, it may be feasible to implement the proportional myoelectric control of the powered ankle prostheses in order to assist the postural control mechanisms, such as anticipatory and compensatory postural adjustments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets transtibial amputees, not older people. Additionally, the study focuses on a virtual inverted pendulum controlled by myoelectric signals, which is more related to prosthetic control and postural stability training for amputees rather than an exergame designed to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Flores, A., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    The Use of Virtual Reality to Facilitate Mindfulness Skills Training in Dialectical Behavioral Therapy for Spinal Cord Injury: A Case Study.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PSYCHOLOGY 9.
[Abstract] Introduction: Paralysis from a spinal cord injury (SCI) increases risk of psychological problems including suicide attempts, substance use disorder, negative emotions (e.g., anger), depression, anxiety, ASD/PTSD. Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (R) (DBT (R)) has been shown to be effective for treating similar psychological symptoms in non-SCI patient populations. The current study explored for the first time, the feasibility and clinical potential of using Immersive Virtual Reality (VR) enhanced DBT (R) Mindfulness skills training to help reduce psychological symptoms (negative emotions and anxiety, ASD/PTSD) of two patients with SCI. Patient 1 was a 39-year-old male patient suffering multiple spinal cord injuries, resulting in quadriplegia, after falling out of a four story building. Patient 1 had severe depression, and anxiety symptoms. Patient 2, was a 31 year old male with a C7 vertebral body fracture, leading to paresis, after suffering a blunt force trauma injury during an attempted suicide, jumping from a moving vehicle. Patient 2 had mild depression, and anxiety symptoms.Methods: Each patient looked into VR goggles, and had the illusion of slowly "floating down" a river in virtual reality while listening to DBT (R) Mindfulness Skills training instructions. Each patient filled out brief psychological ratings before and after each VR session, four VR DBT (R) sessions for patient 1, and two VR DBT (R) sessions for patient 2.Results: As predicted, patient 1 reported reductions in negative emotions after each VR DBT (R) Mindfulness session. Patient 2 had mixed results on some of the measures of negative emotions. And both patients reported feeling less depressed, less anxious, and less emotionally upset, after VR DBT (R) Mindfulness Skills learning. Patient 2 reported large reductions in short term ASD/PTSD symptoms after his first VR DBT (R) mindfulness skills training session.Conclusion: This study explored the feasibility of using VR DBT (R) with quadriplegic or paresis SCI patients. Both SCI patients accepted VR, the patients liked using VR, and, with assistance from the therapist, the patients were able to use the VR equipment, despite being paralyzed. Additional research and development will be needed to determine whether VR DBT (R) Mindfulness Skills training leads to any long term improvements in outcome.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using virtual reality to facilitate mindfulness skills training in dialectical behavioral therapy for patients with spinal cord injuries. It does not target older people, and the intervention is not aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the study is a case study rather than a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Fokides, E. and M. Kefallinou (2020). 
[Title]    EXAMINING THE IMPACT OF SPHERICAL VIDEOS IN TEACHING ENDANGERED SPECIES/ENVIRONMENTAL EDUCATION TO PRIMARY SCHOOL STUDENTS.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY EDUCATION-RESEARCH 19: 427-450.
[Abstract] Aim/Purpose The study examined whether spherical videos are an effective tool in teaching primary school students subjects related to the endangered species. It also examined their feelings/attitudes towards this tool.Background Young students have trouble understanding concepts related to environmental education and, specifically, concepts related to the endangered species. Spherical videos constitute an interesting alternative teaching tool, applicable in diverse scientific disciplines. Additionally, research in this field is rather unsystematic and fragmented, given that the underlying technology is still an emerging one.Methodology A three conditions within-subjects design was applied. Forty-nine, nine-to-ten years-old primary school students attending public schools in Athens, Greece were selected to participate in the project. They had never before been formally taught subjects such as the ones included in the study and had no prior experience in using Google Cardboard compatible head-mounted displays. The participating students were taught using printed material, web pages, and interactive applications in which spherical videos were embedded. The project lasted for nine two-teaching-hour sessions (three for each tool). Data were collected using nine evaluation sheets. About a third of the questions in these tests assessed declarative knowledge, while the rest examined procedural and conditional knowledge. A validated scale was also used, designed to evaluate users' experience when using digital educational applications. For analyzing the data (from both the evaluation sheets and the questionnaire), several repeated measures ANOVA tests were conducted using SPSS 25.Contribution By examining the learning outcomes from the use of applications in which spherical videos were integrated, by contrasting their impact on knowledge with other tools, and by quantifying their differences, the present study extends the -rather limited- literature regarding the educational uses of this technology. Given that there is a lack of a well-defined teaching framework, the study contributes towards this end, as a modified version of Bybee's 5Es was tested, with encouraging results."Findings Post-hoc pairwise comparisons revealed statistically significant differences indicating that students' performance when using the apps was better than their performance in the web pages and printed material. Statistically significant differences were also noted when analyzing the questionnaire's data. In detail, the analysis revealed that the apps were considered more motivating compared with both the printed material and the web pages. The same applied to students' enjoyment. Also, their sense of presence was stronger. Then again, all tools were considered as being equally useful. Finally, no usability issues were reported.Recommendations for Educators As the development of apps requires time and effort, a large pool of ready-made apps has to become available to educators. Spherical videos have to be used in the context of a well-defined teaching framework. A familiarization period on how HMDs are used and how to run and navigate in the apps will help to avoid usability issues. Education administrators have to implement reforms in the primary school timetable and curriculum, for achieving the seamless integration of this technology to everyday teaching.Recommendations for Researchers and Developers Motivation and enjoyment can be further enhanced by adding game-like features. Thus, software developers can consider adding such features and researchers can examine their effects. A lot more can be done for making the apps utilizing spherical videos easier to handle and navigate. For example, hand tracking can be used, which is a more natural interaction method.Future Research Besides larger sample sizes and more interventions, future research can examine the impact of spherical videos on student misconceptions, attitudes, and behaviors towards environmental issues. It would be interesting to examine the views and experiences of educators as well. Longitudinal studies and comparison of spherical videos with other promising technologies would also be useful.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the use of spherical videos as an educational tool for primary school students, specifically in teaching them about endangered species and environmental education. The intervention targets young students, not older people, and the technology used (spherical videos) is for educational purposes, not for physical or cognitive training to prevent falls.

[Author]   Ford, K. R., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Vertical Jump Biomechanics Altered With Virtual Overhead Goal.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF APPLIED BIOMECHANICS 33(2): 153-159.
[Abstract] Virtual environments with real-time feedback can simulate extrinsic goals that mimic real life conditions. The purpose was to compare jump performance and biomechanics with a physical overhead goal (POG) and with a virtual overhead goal (VOG). Fourteen female subjects participated (age: 18.8 +/- 1.1 years, height: 163.2 +/- 8.1 cm, weight 63.0 +/- 7.9 kg). Sagittal plane trunk, hip, and knee biomechanics were calculated during the landing and take-off phases of drop vertical jump with different goal conditions. Repeated-measures ANOVAs determined differences between goal conditions. Vertical jump height displacement was not different during VOG compared with POG. Greater hip extensor moment (P < .001*) and hip angular impulse (P < .004*) were found during VOG compared with POG. Subjects landed more erect with less magnitude of trunk flexion (P = .002*) during POG compared with VOG. A virtual target can optimize jump height and promote increased hip moments and trunk flexion. This may be a useful alternative to physical targets to improve performance during certain biomechanical testing, screening, and training conditions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on comparing jump performance and biomechanics with a physical overhead goal (POG) and a virtual overhead goal (VOG) in young female subjects, not older people. Additionally, the study does not specifically address fall prevention or include a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Forero, J., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Technology-based balance performance assessment can eliminate floor and ceiling effects.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 13(1).
[Abstract] Many clinical measurement tools for balance have ceiling effects. Technology-based assessments using virtual reality systems such as the Computer-Assisted Rehabilitation Environment (CAREN) may provide a way to develop objective, quantitative measures that scale from low to high levels of difficulty. Our objective was to: (1) develop a performance assessment tool (PAT) for the CAREN; (2) quantify the reliability of the tool; (3) validate the scores against clinical balance measures; and (4) compare the scores from a population with balance impairments to those from able-bodied individuals in a cross-sectional validation study. Three games were developed on the CAREN and tested on 49 participants (36 able-bodied and 13 with impaired mobility). For each module, the corresponding measures were transformed into scores using a series of functions such that ceiling and flooring effects would be minimized. The results showed an association between scores and age, an overlap in scores from impaired high-performance individuals and able-bodied low performance individuals, and a correlation of PAT scores with other clinical tests. Several of the limitations of current clinical tools, including floor and ceiling effects, were overcome by the PAT, suggesting that the PAT can be used to monitor the effect of rehabilitation and training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the development and validation of a performance assessment tool (PAT) using a virtual reality system (CAREN) to evaluate balance. While it involves older people and uses technology, the primary aim is to develop a reliable and scalable assessment tool rather than to use exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. The study does not report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls, but rather on the reliability and validity of the assessment tool.

[Author]   Forgetta, V., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Development of a polygenic risk score to improve screening for fracture risk: A genetic risk prediction study.
[Journal]  PLOS MEDICINE 17(7).
[Abstract] Background Since screening programs identify only a small proportion of the population as eligible for an intervention, genomic prediction of heritable risk factors could decrease the number needing to be screened by removing individuals at low genetic risk. We therefore tested whether a polygenic risk score for heel quantitative ultrasound speed of sound (SOS)-a heritable risk factor for osteoporotic fracture-can identify low-risk individuals who can safely be excluded from a fracture risk screening program. Methods and findings A polygenic risk score for SOS was trained and selected in 2 separate subsets of UK Biobank (comprising 341,449 and 5,335 individuals). The top-performing prediction model was termed "gSOS", and its utility in fracture risk screening was tested in 5 validation cohorts using the National Osteoporosis Guideline Group clinical guidelines (N= 10,522 eligible participants). All individuals were genome-wide genotyped and had measured fracture risk factors. Across the 5 cohorts, the average age ranged from 57 to 75 years, and 54% of studied individuals were women. The main outcomes were the sensitivity and specificity to correctly identify individuals requiring treatment with and without genetic prescreening. The reference standard was a bone mineral density (BMD)-based Fracture Risk Assessment Tool (FRAX) score. The secondary outcomes were the proportions of the screened population requiring clinical-risk-factor-based FRAX (CRF-FRAX) screening and BMD-based FRAX (BMD-FRAX) screening. gSOS was strongly correlated with measured SOS (r(2)= 23.2%, 95% CI 22.7% to 23.7%). Without genetic prescreening, guideline recommendations achieved a sensitivity and specificity for correct treatment assignment of 99.6% and 97.1%, respectively, in the validation cohorts. However, 81% of the population required CRF-FRAX tests, and 37% required BMD-FRAX tests to achieve this accuracy. Using gSOS in prescreening and limiting further assessment to those with a low gSOS resulted in small changes to the sensitivity and specificity (93.4% and 98.5%, respectively), but the proportions of individuals requiring CRF-FRAX tests and BMD-FRAX tests were reduced by 37% and 41%, respectively. Study limitations include a reliance on cohorts of predominantly European ethnicity and use of a proxy of fracture risk. Conclusions Our results suggest that the use of a polygenic risk score in fracture risk screening could decrease the number of individuals requiring screening tests, including BMD measurement, while maintaining a high sensitivity and specificity to identify individuals who should be recommended an intervention.Author summaryWhy was this study done? Osteoporosis screening identifies only a small proportion of the screened population to be eligible for intervention. The prediction of heritable risk factors using polygenic risk scores could decrease the number of screened individuals by reassuring those with low genetic risk. We investigated whether the genetic prediction of heel quantitative ultrasound speed of sound (SOS)-a heritable risk factor for osteoporotic fracture-could be incorporated into an established screening guideline to identify individuals at low risk for osteoporosis. What did the researchers do and find? Using UK Biobank, we developed a polygenic risk score (gSOS) consisting of 21,717 genetic variants that was strongly correlated with SOS ( = 23.2%). Using the National Osteoporosis Guideline Group clinical assessment guidelines in 5 validation cohorts, we estimate that reassuring individuals with a high gSOS, rather than doing further assessments, could reduce the number of clinical-risk-factor-based Fracture Risk Assessment Tool (FRAX) tests and bone-density-measurement-based FRAX tests by 37% and 41%, respectively, while maintaining a high sensitivity and specificity to identify individuals who should be recommended an intervention. What do these findings mean? We show that genetic pre-screening could reduce the number of screening tests needed to identify individuals at risk of osteoporotic fractures. Therefore, the potential exists to improve the efficiency of osteoporosis screening programs without large losses in sensitivity or specificity to identify individuals who should receive an intervention. Further translational studies are needed to test the clinical applications of this polygenic risk score; however, our work shows how such scores could be tested in the clinic.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and application of a polygenic risk score to improve screening for fracture risk, specifically focusing on osteoporotic fractures. It does not involve an exergame or any form of exercise intervention, and it does not target the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study primarily involves genetic prediction and its utility in screening guidelines.

[Author]   Fouda, M. E., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    IR-QNN Framework: An IR Drop-Aware Offline Training of Quantized Crossbar Arrays.
[Journal]  IEEE ACCESS 8: 228392-228408.
[Abstract] Resistive Crossbar Arrays present an elegant implementation solution for Deep Neural Networks acceleration. The Matrix-Vector Multiplication, which is the corner-stone of DNNs, is carried out in O(1) compared to O(N-2) steps for digital realizations of O(log(2)(N)) steps for in-memory associative processors. However, the IR drop problem, caused by the inevitable interconnect wire resistance in RCAs remains a daunting challenge. In this article, we propose a fast and efficient training and validation framework to incorporate the wire resistance in Quantized DNNs, without the need for computationally extensive SPICE simulations during the training process. A fabricated four-bit Au/Al2O3/HfO2/TiN device is modelled and used within the framework with two-mapping schemes to realize the quantized weights. Efficient system-level IR-drop estimation methods are used to accelerate training. SPICE validation results show the effectiveness of the proposed method to capture the IR drop problem achieving the baseline accuracy with a 2% and 4% drop in the worst-case scenario for MNIST dataset on multilayer perceptron network and CIFAR 10 dataset on modified VGG and AlexNet networks, respectively. Other nonidealities, such as stuck-at fault defects, variability, and aging, are studied. Finally, the design considerations of the neuronal and the driver circuits are discussed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper "IR-QNN Framework: An IR Drop-Aware Offline Training of Quantized Crossbar Arrays" is focused on the technical aspects of resistive crossbar arrays and their application in deep neural networks. It does not address the use of exergames or any intervention targeting older people to prevent falls. The content is entirely unrelated to the criteria you provided for exergames and fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Franceschi, V. T., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    A new standard area diagram set for assessment of severity of soybean rust improves accuracy of estimates and optimizes resource use.
[Journal]  PLANT PATHOLOGY 69(3): 495-505.
[Abstract] Soybean rust (SBR), caused by Phakopsora pachyrhizi, is the most important yield-damaging fungal disease of soybean due to severe reduction in healthy leaf area and acceleration of leaf fall. In experimental research, SBR severity is estimated visually aided/trained by a standard area diagram (SAD) developed and validated during the mid-2000s (Old SAD). In this study, we propose a new SAD set for SBR with six true-colour diagrams following linear increments (c. 15% increments) amended with four additional diagrams at low (<10%) severities, totalling 10 diagrams (0.2%, 1%, 3%, 5%, 10%, 25%, 40%, 55%, 70%, and 84%). For evaluation, 37 raters were split into two groups. Each assessed severity in a 50-image sample (0.25%-84%), first unaided and then using either the Old SAD or the New SAD. Accuracy, precision, and reliability of estimates improved significantly relative to unaided estimates only when aided by the New SAD (accuracy >0.95). Low precision (<0.78) and a trend of underestimation with an increase in severity were the main issues with the Old SAD, which did not differ from unaided estimates. Simulation to evaluate the impact of the errors by different methods on hypothesis tests, showed that the new SAD was more powerful for detecting the smallest difference in mean control (e.g., 70% vs. 65% disease reduction) than the Old SAD; the latter required a 2-fold increase in sample size to achieve the same power. There is a need to improve some SADs, taking advantage of new knowledge and technology to increase accuracy of the estimates, and to optimize both resource use efficiency and management decisions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and evaluation of a new standard area diagram (SAD) for assessing the severity of soybean rust, which is a fungal disease affecting soybeans. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are soybean plants, and the focus is on improving the accuracy of visual assessments of disease severity, rather than on an exergame intervention for older people.

[Author]   Francis, C. A., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Gait variability in healthy old adults is more affected by a visual perturbation than by a cognitive or narrow step placement demand.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 42(3): 380-385.
[Abstract] Gait variability measures have been linked to fall risk in older adults. However, challenging walking tasks may be required to elucidate increases in variability that arise from subtle age-related changes in cognitive processing and sensorimotor function. Hence, the study objective was to investigate the effects of visual perturbations, increased cognitive load, and narrowed step width on gait variability in healthy old and young adults. Eleven old (OA, 71.2 +/- 4.2 years) and twelve young (YA, 23.6 +/- 3.9 years) adults walked on a treadmill while watching a speed-matched virtual hallway. Subjects walked: (1) normally, (2) with mediolateral visual perturbations, (3) while performing a cognitive task (serial seven subtractions), and (4) with narrowed step width. We computed the mean and variability of step width (SW and SWV, respectively) and length (SL, SLV) over one 3-min trial per condition. Walking normally, old and young adults exhibited similar SWV and SLV. Visual perturbations significantly increased gait variability in old adults (by more than 100% for both SWV and SLV), but not young adults. The cognitive task and walking with narrowed step width did not show any effect on SWV or SLV in either group. The dramatic increase in step width variability when old adults were subjected to mediolateral visual perturbations was likely due to increased reliance on visual feedback for assessing whole-body position. Further work is needed to ascertain whether these findings may reflect sub-clinical balance deficits that could contribute to the increased fall risk seen with advancing age. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper investigates the effects of visual perturbations, increased cognitive load, and narrowed step width on gait variability in both older and younger adults. While it does include older adults and uses a virtual environment, it is not specifically about using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The study is more focused on understanding how different conditions affect gait variability, rather than testing an exergame as a preventive measure. Additionally, the paper does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Franz, J. R., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Advanced age brings a greater reliance on visual feedback to maintain balance during walking.
[Journal]  HUMAN MOVEMENT SCIENCE 40: 381-392.
[Abstract] We implemented a virtual reality system to quantify differences in the use of visual feedback to maintain balance during walking between healthy young (n = 12, mean age: 24 years) and healthy old (n = 11, 71 years) adults. Subjects walked on a treadmill while watching a speed-matched, virtual hallway with and without mediolateral visual perturbations. A motion capture system tracked center of mass (CoM) motion and foot kinematics. Spectral analysis, detrended fluctuation analysis, and local divergence exponents quantified old and young adults' dynamic response to visual perturbations. Old and young adults walked normally with comparable CoM spectral characteristics, lateral step placement temporal persistence, and local divergence exponents. Perturbed visual flow induced significantly larger changes in mediolateral CoM motion in old vs. young adults. Moreover, visual perturbations disrupted the control of lateral step placement and compromised local dynamic stability more significantly in old than young adults. Advanced age induces a greater reliance on visual feedback to maintain balance during waking, an effect that may compensate for degradations in somatosensation. Our findings are relevant to the early diagnosis of sensory-induced balance impairments and also point to the potential use of virtual reality to evaluate sensory rehabilitation and balance training programs for old adults. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on using a virtual reality system to study the differences in reliance on visual feedback for balance maintenance between young and older adults during walking. Although it involves older adults and uses a form of virtual reality, the primary aim is not to test an exergame intervention to prevent falls. Instead, it is more about understanding the sensory mechanisms and balance control in older adults. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Freeman, D., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Virtual reality in the treatment of persecutory delusions: randomised controlled experimental study testing how to reduce delusional conviction.
[Journal]  BRITISH JOURNAL OF PSYCHIATRY 209(1): 62-+.
[Abstract] BackgroundPersecutory delusions may be unfounded threat beliefs maintained by safety-seeking behaviours that prevent disconfirmatory evidence being successfully processed. Use of virtual reality could facilitate new learning.AimsTo test the hypothesis that enabling patients to test the threat predictions of persecutory delusions in virtual reality social environments with the dropping of safety-seeking behaviours (virtual reality cognitive therapy) would lead to greater delusion reduction than exposure alone (virtual reality exposure).MethodConviction in delusions and distress in a real-world situation were assessed in 30 patients with persecutory delusions. Patients were then randomised to virtual reality cognitive therapy or virtual reality exposure, both with 30 min in graded virtual reality social environments. Delusion conviction and real-world distress were then reassessed.ResultsIn comparison with exposure, virtual reality cognitive therapy led to large reductions in delusional conviction (reduction 22.0%, P = 0.024, Cohen's d = 1.3) and real-world distress (reduction 19.6%, P = 0.020, Cohen's d = 0.8).ConclusionCognitive therapy using virtual reality could prove highly effective in treating delusions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets patients with persecutory delusions, and the focus is on using virtual reality to reduce delusional conviction and distress, rather than preventing falls. Additionally, the study does not meet the criteria for targeting older people or focusing on fall prevention.

[Author]   Frenkel, M. O., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    MENTAL PRACTICE MAINTAINS RANGE OF MOTION DESPITE FOREARM IMMOBILIZATION: A PILOT STUDY IN HEALTHY PERSONS.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF REHABILITATION MEDICINE 46(3): 225-232.
[Abstract] Objective: To determine whether mental practice of wrist movements during forearm immobilization maintains range of motion.Design: Randomized controlled trial.Participants: Eighteen healthy young men aged between 20 and 30 years were assigned to either a control or a mental practice group. Both groups were immobilized with a circular forearm cast for 3 weeks to simulate a distal radial fracture.Methods: The mental practice group received 1 x 60-min, followed by 3 x 30-min sessions of supervised mental practice. Consecutively, they were asked to perform 15 min/day of self-guided imagery sessions, during which they mentally exercised motion sequences of the immobilized joint. The training program followed the Mental Gait Training procedure. The control group did no training. Wrist movement was measured with a goniometer before and after immobilization.Results: Mental practice preserved dorsal extension and ulnar abduction. The sedentary control group showed due to this variables a significant decrease after cast removal. There was no significant change in palmar flexion and radial abduction in either group.Conclusion: Despite the study limitations, these results suggest that mental practice may be useful in preventing loss of hand function associated with mid-term immobilization. Because of the expected clinical benefits, the low cost and simple application of the intervention, the effects of mental practice in orthopedic rehabilitation of the upper extremity warrant further study.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on mental practice (a form of cognitive training) to maintain range of motion in young, healthy individuals with immobilized forearms. The participants are young men, and the intervention is not an exergame. Additionally, the study does not target fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Friedman, J., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Applying Incongruent Visual-Tactile Stimuli during Object Transfer with Vibro-Tactile Feedback.
[Journal]  JOVE-JOURNAL OF VISUALIZED EXPERIMENTS(147).
[Abstract] The application of incongruent sensory signals that involves disrupted tactile feedback is rarely explored, specifically with the presence of vibrotactile feedback (VTF). This protocol aims to test the effect of VTF on the response to incongruent visual-tactile stimuli. The tactile feedback is acquired by grasping a block and moving it across a partition. The visual feedback is a real-time virtual presentation of the moving block, acquired using a motion capture system. The congruent feedback is the reliable presentation of the movement of the block, so that the subject feels that the block is grasped and see it move along with the path of the hand. The incongruent feedback appears as the movement of the block diverts from the actual movement path, so that it seems to drop from the hand when it is actually still held by the subject, thereby contradicting the tactile feedback. Twenty subjects (age 30.2 +/- 16.3) repeated 16 block transfers, while their hand was hidden. These were repeated with VTF and without VTF (total of 32 block transfers). Incongruent stimuli were presented randomly twice within the 16 repetitions in each condition (with and without VTF). Each subject was asked to rate the difficulty level of performing the task with and without the VTF. There were no statistically significant differences in the length of the hand paths and durations between transfers recorded with congruent and incongruent visual-tactile signals - with and without the VTF. The perceived difficulty level of performing the task with the VTF significantly correlated with the normalized path length of the block with VTF (r = 0.675, p = 0.002). This setup is used to quantify the additive or reductive value of VTF during motor function that involves incongruent visual-tactile stimuli. Possible applications are prosthetics design, smart sport-wear, or any other garments that incorporate VTF.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets a general age group (mean age 30.2 ± 16.3), and the focus is on the application of incongruent visual-tactile stimuli with vibro-tactile feedback, rather than an exergame designed to prevent falls in older people. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at fall prevention.

[Author]   Fu, S., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    A hybrid model to identify fall occurrence from electronic health records.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INFORMATICS 162.
[Abstract] Introduction: Falls are a leading cause of unintentional injury in the elderly. Electronic health records (EHRs) offer the unique opportunity to develop models that can identify fall events. However, identifying fall events in clinical notes requires advanced natural language processing (NLP) to simultaneously address multiple issues because the word "fall" is a typical homonym.Methods: We implemented a context-aware language model, Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) to identify falls from the EHR text and further fused the BERT model into a hybrid ar-chitecture coupled with post-hoc heuristic rules to enhance the performance. The models were evaluated on real world EHR data and were compared to conventional rule-based and deep learning models (CNN and Bi-LSTM). To better understand the ability of each approach to identify falls, we further categorize fall-related concepts (i. e., risk of fall, prevention of fall, homonym) and performed a detailed error analysis.Results: The hybrid model achieved the highest f1-score on sentence (0.971), document (0.985), and patient (0.954) level. At the sentence level (basic data unit in the model), the hybrid model had 0.954, 1.000, 0.988, and 0.999 in sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value, respectively. The error analysis showed that that machine learning-based approaches demonstrated higher performance than a rule-based approach in challenging cases that required contextual understanding. The context-aware language model (BERT) slightly outperformed the word embedding approach trained on Bi-LSTM. No single model yielded the best performance for all fall-related semantic categories.Conclusion: A context-aware language model (BERT) was able to identify challenging fall events that requires context understanding in EHR free text. The hybrid model combined with post-hoc rules allowed a custom fix on the BERT outcomes and further improved the performance of fall detection.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a model to identify fall occurrences from electronic health records using natural language processing techniques. It does not involve an exergame intervention or any physical activity aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The focus is on improving the accuracy of identifying fall events in clinical notes, rather than on a preventive intervention.

[Author]   Fundaro, C., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Self-selected speed gait training in Parkinson's disease: robot-assisted gait training with virtual reality <i>versus</i> gait training on the ground.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF PHYSICAL AND REHABILITATION MEDICINE 55(4): 456-462.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Parkinson's disease (PD) is a neurodegenerative disorder causing progressive gait disability. Although robot-assisted gait training (RAGT) using the Lokomat device has been demonstrated to improve gait in PD, it is not clear what the best training settings are, in particular if a self-selected treadmill speed can give better results.AIM: The aims of this study were: 1) to evaluate if self-selected speed training using Lokomat plus virtual reality (VR) can give better results compared to self-selected speed overground training; 2) to assess the possible influence of VR on patient's gait speed in the Lokomat group.DESIGN: Retrospective analysis.POPULATION: Patients with idiopathic PD (N.=20), aged 18-90 years, Hoehn & Yahr 2-3, Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) >= 24 unchanged therapy, and without freezing episodes, dyskinesia, and neurological, orthopedic, cardiac, respiratory or severe visual impairments, who underwent four weeks of gait training (five 30-minute sessions/week): ten with Lokomat (Group 1) and ten without (Group 2).SETTING: Rehabilitation hospital; inpatients.METHODS: Group 1: Lokomat parameters: body weight support fixed at 30%, guidance force set at 80% bilaterally. Treadmill speed was self-selected by each patient, and subsequently modified on patient request. VR scenery was applied. Group 2: self-selected speed gait training on the ground. Both groups were assessed pre- and post-training with the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS), Functional Independence Measure (FIM) scale, and the 10-metre walking test (10-MWT). For group 1, a VR score was evaluated.RESULTS: All patients showed significant post-training improvement in UPDRS and FIM scores, with a significantly better improvement in Group 1 for total UPDRS (P=0.037). Velocity at 10-MWT significantly improved after rehabilitation in Group 2 (P=0.002). Lokomat treadmill speed and VR score both improved significantly after rehabilitation, but without any association (P=0.48), while a significant inverse relationship (P=0.014) was observed between the changes in 10-MWT and in treadmill speed.CONCLUSIONS: Self-selected speed Lokomat training in PD patients can provide clinical enhancements but is not superior to self-selected speed overground gait training; the influence of VR on motor performance seems to be related to non-motor aspects.CLINICAL REHABILITATION IMPACT: Regarding self-selected speed gait training, there seems to be no difference between RAGT and conventional overground gait training. Other parameter settings for RAGT need to be carefully investigated for a tailored use of RAGT in PD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of robot-assisted gait training (RAGT) with virtual reality (VR) for patients with Parkinson's disease, and it compares this to overground gait training. While the intervention includes a form of virtual reality, which could be considered an exergame, the primary focus is on gait training for Parkinson's disease, not specifically on preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study is a retrospective analysis, not a randomized controlled trial, and the population is not specifically targeted at older people but rather includes a broader age range (18-90 years). Therefore, the paper does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Funnell, J. P., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Characterization of patients with idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus using natural language processing within an electronic healthcare record system.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROSURGERY 138(6): 1731-1739.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE Idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus (iNPH) is an underdiagnosed, progressive, and disabling condi-tion. Early treatment is associated with better outcomes and improved quality of life. In this paper, the authors aimed to identify features associated with patients with iNPH using natural language processing (NLP) to characterize this cohort, with the intention to later target the development of artificial intelligence-driven tools for early detection. METHODS The electronic health records of patients with shunt-responsive iNPH were retrospectively reviewed using an NLP algorithm. Participants were selected from a prospectively maintained single-center database of patients under-going CSF diversion for probable iNPH (March 2008-July 2020). Analysis was conducted on preoperative health records including clinic letters, referrals, and radiology reports accessed through CogStack. Clinical features were extracted from these records as SNOMED CT (Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine Clinical Terms) concepts using a named entity recognition machine learning model. In the first phase, a base model was generated using unsupervised training on 1 million electronic health records and supervised training with 500 double-annotated documents. The model was fine-tuned to improve accuracy using 300 records from patients with iNPH double annotated by two blinded assessors. Thematic analysis of the concepts identi-fied by the machine learning algorithm was performed, and the frequency and timing of terms were analyzed to describe this patient group. RESULTS In total, 293 eligible patients responsive to CSF diversion were identified. The median age at CSF diversion was 75 years, with a male predominance (69% male). The algorithm performed with a high degree of precision and recall (F1 score 0.92). Thematic analysis revealed the most frequently documented symptoms related to mobility, cognitive impairment, and falls or balance. The most frequent comorbidities were related to cardiovascular and hematological problems. CONCLUSIONS This model demonstrates accurate, automated recognition of iNPH features from medical records. Opportunities for translation include detecting patients with undiagnosed iNPH from primary care records, with the aim to
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using natural language processing to identify and characterize patients with idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus (iNPH) from electronic health records. It does not discuss the use of exergames or any form of exercise intervention for fall prevention in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Gable, S., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    A Physically-Active Approach to Early Number Learning.
[Journal]  EARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION JOURNAL 49(3): 515-526.
[Abstract] This study evaluates the efficacy of a physically-active number learning game for young preschoolers. The intervention adapts Ramani and Siegler's (Child Develop 79(2):375-394, 2008) successful The Great Race by modifying the mode of play from seated at a table to jumping with two feet on a large game mat. 75 children (mean age: 46 months) in the first year of a 2-year Title I preschool program were assessed in the fall on enumeration, verbal counting, cardinal principle knowledge (CPK), numeral recognition, and magnitude comparisons; children with a strong conceptual understanding of the cardinality principle were screened out (n = 11) of the intervention. 64 children were randomly assigned to the jumping game, the original seated game, or to a no-intervention control group. For the intervention, children met with an experimenter for four, 15-20-min sessions over a 3-week period and post-intervention assessments were completed 1 week later. All children completed a year-end assessment 5 months after the post-intervention assessment. Of the 64 children in the intervention group, 51 had complete data from all three time points. Repeated measures ANOVA and chi-square tests assessed the effectiveness of the intervention on children's number knowledge and skills; models tested for the main effects of time and group and the interaction of time*group. Although all numeracy measures showed significant improvement over time, no differences between groups over time emerged. The absence of intervention effects is discussed in the context of intentionally aligning children's number skills and knowledge with teacher practices and recent early numeracy interventions that target counting and set labelling.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on a physically-active number learning game for young preschoolers, which does not meet the criteria for the target population (older people) or the specific intervention (exergames for fall prevention). Additionally, the study does not report on randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Gabriel Estevez-Pedraza, A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Reliability and Usability Analysis of an Embedded System Capable of Evaluating Balance in Elderly Populations Based on a Modified Wii Balance Board.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 19(17).
[Abstract] This paper analyzes the reliability and usability of a portable electronic instrument that measures balance and balance impairment in older adults. The center of pressure (CoP) metrics are measured with a modified Wii Balance Board (mWBB) platform. In the intra- and inter-rater testing, 16 and 43 volunteers (mean 75.66 and standard deviation (SD) of 7.86 years and 72.61 (SD 7.86) years, respectively) collaborated. Five volunteer raters (5.1 (SD 3.69) years of experience) answered the System Usability Scale (SUS). The most reliable CoP index in the intra-examiner tests was the 95% power frequency in the medial-lateral displacement of the CoP with closed-eyes. It had excellent reliability with an intraclass correlation coefficient ICC = 0.948 (C.I. 0.862-0.982) and a Pearson's correlation coefficient PCC = 0.966 (p < 0.001). The best index for the inter-rater reliability was the centroidal frequency in the anterior-posterior direction closed-eyes, which had an ICC (2,1) = 0.825. The mWBB also obtained a high usability score. These results support the mWBB as a reliable complementary tool for measuring balance in older adults. Additionally, it does not have the limitations of laboratory-grade systems and clinical screening instruments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the reliability and usability of a modified Wii Balance Board (mWBB) for measuring balance in older adults. While it involves an electronic instrument that is related to the Wii Balance Board, which can be used in exergames, the study does not specifically address the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The paper also does not report on a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Gabyzon, M. E., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Using a virtual reality game to assess goal-directed hand movements in children: A pilot feasibility study.
[Journal]  TECHNOLOGY AND HEALTH CARE 24(1): 11-19.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Virtual reality gaming environments may be used as a supplement to the motor performance assessment tool box by providing clinicians with quantitative information regarding motor performance in terms of movement accuracy and speed, as well as sensory motor integration under different levels of dual tasking.OBJECTIVE: To examine the feasibility of using the virtual reality game 'Timocco' as an assessment tool for evaluating goal-directed hand movements among typically developing children.METHODS: In this pilot study, 47 typically-developing children were divided into two age groups, 4-6 years old and 6-8 years old. Performance was measured using two different virtual environment games (Bubble Bath and Falling Fruit), each with two levels of difficulty. Discriminative validity (age effect) was examined by comparing the performance of the two groups, and by comparing the performance between levels of the games for each group (level effect). Test-retest reliability was examined by reassessing the older children 3-7 days after the first session.RESULTS: The older children performed significantly better in terms of response time, action time, game duration, and efficiency in both games compared to the younger children. Both age groups demonstrated poorer performance at the higher game level in the Bubble Bath game compared to the lower level. A similar level effect was found in the Falling Fruit game for both age groups in response time and efficiency, but not in action time. The performance of the older children was not significantly different between the two sessions at both game levels.CONCLUSIONS: The discriminative validity and test-retest reliability indicate the feasibility of using the Timocco virtual reality game as a tool for assessing goal-directed hand movements in children. Further studies should examine its feasibility for use in children with disabilities.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a virtual reality game to assess goal-directed hand movements in children, not in older people. The intervention targets are children, and the study is a pilot feasibility study, which does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Gachake, A. A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    An Integrated Physiotherapeutic Approach With Virtual Reality in Schizophrenic Patients With Ipsilateral Femoral Shaft and Intertrochanteric Fractures: A Case report.
[Journal]  CUREUS JOURNAL OF MEDICAL SCIENCE 14(12).
[Abstract] Femoral shaft fracture occurs through the diaphyseal region of the femur. The intertrochanteric (IT) fracture is an extracapsular fracture that occurs through the proximal metaphyseal area of the femur. The ipsilateral femoral shaft and IT fractures happen in rare cases following high-energy trauma. These fractures are difficult to manage due to their complexity. They are usually managed surgically and require prompt physiotherapeutic management postoperatively. The postoperative complications involve pain, stiffness, reduced muscle strength, deep vein thrombosis, muscular weakness, and atrophy. These complications occur primarily due to immobilization. In our case, a 30-year-old male patient was a known case of schizophrenia for three years. He met with a road traffic accident (RTA) while driving a car and acquired ipsilateral femoral shaft and IT fractures. He presented with the chief complaints of pain, swelling, deformity over the right thigh, and unable to bear weight over the right lower limb. X-rays revealed a right-side ipsilateral IT fracture and a femoral shaft fracture. The patient underwent an operation that involved open reduction and internal fixation with a proximal femoral nail under spinal epidural anesthesia. We started physical therapy management on postoperative day 3. On clinical evaluation, there was a decrease in the range of motion and muscle strength of the right lower limb. This case posed us with a challenge to deliver postoperative physiotherapeutic intervention without elicitation of the symptoms associated with schizophrenia. The physiotherapy protocol involved virtual reality-based (VR-based) interventions in adjunct to conventional therapeutic interventions like strengthening exercises, range of motion exercises, application of electrical modality, balance training, gait training, VR-based relaxation, and aerobic exercises. We used the Lower Extremity Functional Scale, Manual Muscle Testing, Range of Motion, Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale, and the Numerical Pain Rating Scale as outcome measures. The comparison of pre-and post-outcome measure scores demonstrates the significant improvement.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets a 30-year-old male patient with schizophrenia who had ipsilateral femoral shaft and intertrochanteric fractures, and the focus is on postoperative physiotherapeutic management using virtual reality-based interventions. The study does not target older people, and it is a case report rather than a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Gago, M. F., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Compensatory Postural Adjustments in an Oculus Virtual Reality Environment and the Risk of Falling in Alzheimer's Disease.
[Journal]  Dementia and geriatric cognitive disorders extra 6(2): 252-267.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND/AIMS: Alzheimer's disease (AD) patients have an impaired ability to quickly reweight central sensory dependence in response to unexpected body perturbations. Herein, we aim to study provoked compensatory postural adjustments (CPAs) in a conflicting sensory paradigm with unpredictable visual displacements using virtual reality goggles.METHODS: We used kinematic time-frequency analyses of two frequency bands: a low-frequency band (LB; 0.3-1.5 Hz; mechanical strategy) and a high-frequency band (HB; 1.5-3.5 Hz; cognitive strategy). We enrolled 19 healthy subjects (controls) and 21 AD patients, divided according to their previous history of falls.RESULTS: The AD faller group presented higher-power LB CPAs, reflecting their worse inherent postural stability. The AD patients had a time lag in their HB CPA reaction.CONCLUSION: The slower reaction by CPA in AD may be a reflection of different cognitive resources including body schema self-perception, visual motion, depth perception, or a different state of fear and/or anxiety.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older people (specifically, Alzheimer's disease patients) and uses virtual reality, the focus is on studying compensatory postural adjustments and their relationship to the risk of falling, rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Gal, O., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Pavement patterns can be designed to improve gait in Parkinson's disease patients.
[Journal]  MOVEMENT DISORDERS 34(12): 1831-1838.
[Abstract] Background Public spaces are usually designed with respect to various patient populations, but not Parkinson's disease. The objective of this study was to explore what type of easily applicable visual cueing might be used in public spaces and some interiors to improve gait in people with Parkinson's disease. Methods Thirty-two patients with freezing of gait walked an 8-meter track on 6 different floor patterns in single- and dual-task conditions in random sequence. The reference pattern was a virtual large transverse chessboard, and the other patterns differed either in size (small floor stones), orientation (diagonal), nature (real paving), regularity (irregular), or no pattern. Time, number of steps, velocity, step length, cadence, and dual-task effect were calculated. The number and total duration of freezing episodes were analyzed. Results Virtual, large, transverse floor stones improve time (P = 0.0101), velocity (P = 0.0029), number of steps (P = 0.0291), and step length (P = 0.0254) in Parkinson's disease patients compared with walking on no pattern. Virtual floor stones were superior in time and velocity to the real ones. Transverse floor stones were better than diagonal, whereas regular pattern stones were superior to irregular in some gait parameters. Subjectively, the reference pattern was preferred to the irregular one and to no pattern. No direct effect on freezing of gait was observed. Conclusions Parkinson's disease patients may benefit from floor patterns incorporating transverse oriented large rectangular visual cues. Because public space can be regulated with respect to people with medical conditions, the relevant legislative documents should be extended to allow for parkinsonian gait disorder. (c) 2019 International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Instead, it focuses on the use of pavement patterns to improve gait in Parkinson's disease patients. The intervention involves visual cues on the floor rather than exergames, and the study does not target older people specifically, but rather individuals with Parkinson's disease.

[Author]   Gallagher, A. G., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Inter-rater Reliability for Metrics Scored in a Binary Fashion-Performance Assessment for an Arthroscopic Bankart Repair.
[Journal]  ARTHROSCOPY-THE JOURNAL OF ARTHROSCOPIC AND RELATED SURGERY 34(7): 2191-2198.
[Abstract] Purpose: To determine the inter-rater reliability (IRR) of a procedure-specific checklist scored in a binary fashion for the evaluation of surgical skill and whether it meets a minimum level of agreement (>= 0.8 between 2 raters) required for high-stakes assessment. Methods: In a prospective randomized and blinded fashion, and after detailed assessment training, 10 Arthroscopy Association of North America Master/Associate Master faculty arthroscopic surgeons (in 5 pairs) with an average of 21 years of surgical experience assessed the video-recorded 3-anchor arthroscopic Bankart repair performance of 44 postgraduate year 4 or 5 residents from 21 Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education orthopaedic residency training programs from across the United States. Results: No paired scores of resident surgeon performance evaluated by the 5 teams of faculty assessors dropped below the 0.8 IRR level (mean = 0.93; range 0.84-0.99; standard deviation = 0.035). A comparison between the 5 assessor groups with 1 factor analysis of variance showed that there was no significant difference between the groups (P = .205). Pearson's product-moment correlation coefficient revealed a strong and statistically significant negative correlation, that is, -0.856 (P < .000), indicating that as intra-operative error rate scores increased, the IRR decreased. Conclusions: Arthroscopy Association of North America shoulder faculty raters from across the United States showed high levels of IRR in the assessment of an arthroscopic 3-anchor Bankart repair procedure. All paired assessments were above the 0.8 level and the mean IRR of all resident assessments was 0.93, indicating that they could be used for high-stakes decisions. Clinical Relevance: With the move toward outcomes-based performance evaluation for graduate medical education, high-stakes assessments of surgical skill will require robust, reliable measurement tools that are able to withstand challenge. Surgical checklists employing metrics scored in a binary fashion meet the need and can show a high (>80%) IRR.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the inter-rater reliability of a procedure-specific checklist for evaluating surgical skill in arthroscopic Bankart repair. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are postgraduate year 4 or 5 residents, and the focus is on surgical performance assessment, not on exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Gallou-Guyot, M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Effects of exergames and cognitive-motor dual-task training on cognitive, physical and dual-task functions in cognitively healthy older adults: An overview.
[Journal]  AGEING RESEARCH REVIEWS 63.
[Abstract] This overview aims to summarize the effectiveness of cognitive-motor dual-task and exergame interventions on cognitive, physical and dual-task functions in healthy older adults, as well as the feasibility, safety, adherence, transfer and retention of benefits of these interventions. We searched for systematic reviews or meta-analyses assessing the effects of cognitive-motor dual-task and exergame interventions on cognitive, physical and dual-task functions in cognitively healthy older adults through eight databases (CDSR (Cochrane), MEDLINE (PubMed), Scopus, EMBASE, CINAHL, PsycINFO, ProQuest and SportDiscus). Two reviewers performed the selection, data extraction and risk of bias evaluation independently (PROSPERO ID: CRD42019143185). Eighteen reviews were included in this overview. Overall, positive effects of cognitive-motor dual-task interventions on cognitive, physical and dual-task functions, as well as exergames on cognitive functions only, were observed in cognitively healthy older adults. In contrast, the effects of exergames on physical functions are more controversial, and their effects on dual-task functions have not been studied. The feasibility, safety, adherence, transfer and retention of benefits for both intervention types are still unclear. Future studies should follow more rigorous methodological standards in order to improve the quality of evidence and provide guidelines for the use of cognitive-motor dual-task and exergame interventions in older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is an overview that summarizes the findings from systematic reviews and meta-analyses, rather than presenting original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, it focuses on both cognitive-motor dual-task training and exergames, and it does not specifically report results from a randomized controlled trial focused on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Gallou-Guyot, M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Feasibility and potential cognitive impact of a cognitive-motor dual-task training program using a custom exergame in older adults: A pilot study.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 15.
[Abstract] IntroductionDual-task training may be relevant and efficient in the context of active aging. An issue in training programs lies in enhancing the adherence of participants. This can potentially be improved using games as support. We designed and developed a custom interactive exergame in this way. The objective of this pilot study was to explore the potential use of this exergame and the feasibility of our intervention, including the level of safety and adherence. The result's trends on cognitive and motor capacities, as well as on the level of motivation for physical activity, fear of falling, and quality of life of participants, were also explored. MethodsOlder adults aged 65 years or older were recruited and realized 30 min of supervised training in groups of 4, 2-3 times a week for 12 weeks. Exercises consisted of incorporated cognitive and motor dual tasks, with an increased difficulty over the weeks. Our program's safety, engagement, attendance, and completion levels were evaluated. Participants' postural control in single-task and dual-task conditions, as well as their performances in mental inhibition, flexibility, working memory, mobility, and postural control, and their levels of motivation for physical activity, fear of falling, and quality of life were also assessed. We realized a per protocol statistical analysis with a p-value set at 0.05. ResultsThirty-nine participants (aged 84.6 +/- 8.5 years) were recruited. No adverse events, and 89% adherence, 88% attendance, and 87% completion rates were observed. A potentially significant effect of our exergame on working memory in single-task conditions and on the cognitive aspect of dual-task conditions was also observed. We observed no differences in other parameters. DiscussionOur exergame seemed feasible and safe and was enjoyed by participants, mainly due to the gamification of our training program. Moreover, our exergame may be efficient for cognitive training in older adults, as well as for the maintenance of motor functions, motivation for physical activity, fear of falling, and quality of life levels. This constitutes the first step for our solution with interesting results that need to be further studied.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a pilot study that explores the feasibility and potential cognitive impact of a custom exergame in older adults. While it does target older people and uses an exergame, the study is a pilot and focuses on feasibility and preliminary outcomes rather than being a randomized controlled trial with reported results. Therefore, it does not meet all the specified criteria for judgment.

[Author]   Gallou-Guyot, M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of home-based rehabilitation using active video games on quality of life, cognitive and motor functions in people with Parkinson's disease: a systematic review.
[Journal]  DISABILITY AND REHABILITATION 44(26): 8222-8233.
[Abstract] Purpose We summarized the effectiveness of home-based active video game interventions on physical and cognitive functions, as well as quality of life in adults with Parkinson's disease. We also assessed the feasibility, safety, adherence, and retention of benefits of these interventions. Method We searched studies in eight databases from 1st March to 30th November 2020. Two authors independently performed the selection, data extraction and risk of bias evaluation (PROSPERO ID: CRD42020178138). Results Nine studies were included in this systematic review (412 participants). All in all, home-based active video games were found effective in improving gait and balance functions in people with Parkinson's disease, equivalent to usual care and conventional therapy. No conclusion can be drawn on cognition and quality of life. Home-based active video games seemed feasible, safe, and were enjoyed by people with Parkinson's disease. The optimal dose, the need for supervision and the retention of benefits of these interventions are still to be determined. These results should be interpreted carefully, considering the limited number of included studies and their small sample sizes, the widespread heterogeneity of included studies and their medium average methodological quality. Conclusion Future research should focus on the effects of home-based active video games on impairments specific to Parkinson's disease, such as falls, freezing of gait and attention, as well as the dose, need for supervision and retention of the benefits of these interventions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that focuses on the effectiveness of home-based active video game interventions on physical and cognitive functions, as well as quality of life in adults with Parkinson's disease. It does not specifically target the elderly population, and it does not report results from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it summarizes the findings from multiple studies and discusses the feasibility, safety, adherence, and retention of benefits of these interventions. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Galperin, I., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Treadmill training with virtual reality to enhance gait and cognitive function among people with multiple sclerosis: a randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROLOGY 270(3): 1388-1401.
[Abstract] Background Motor and cognitive impairments impact the everyday functioning of people with MS (pwMS). The present randomized controlled trial (RCT) evaluated the benefits of a combined motor-cognitive virtual reality training program on key motor and cognitive symptoms and related outcomes in pwMS. Methods In a single-blinded, two-arm RCT, 124 pwMS were randomized into a treadmill training with virtual reality (TT + VR) group or a treadmill training alone (TT) (active-control) group. Both groups received three training sessions per week for 6 weeks. Dual-tasking gait speed and cognitive processing speed (Symbol Digit Modalities Test, SDMT, score) were the primary outcomes. Secondary outcomes included additional tests of cognitive function, mobility, and patient-reported questionnaires. These were measured before, after, and 3 months after training. Results Gait speed improved (p < 0.005) in both groups, similarly, by about 10 cm/s. The TT + VR group (n = 53 analyzed per-protocol) showed a clinically meaningful improvement of 4.4 points (95% CI 1.9-6.8, p = 0.001) in SDMT, compared to an improvement of only 0.8 points in the TT (n = 51 analyzed per-protocol) group (95% CI 0.9-2.5 points, p = 0.358) (group X time interaction effect p = 0.027). Furthermore, TT + VR group-specific improvements were seen in depressive symptoms (lowered by 31%, p = 0.003), attention (17%, p < 0.001), and verbal fluency (11.6% increase, p = 0.002). Discussion These findings suggest that both TT and TT + VR improve usual and dual-task gait in pwMS. Nonetheless, a multi-modal approach based on VR positively impacts multiple aspects of cognitive function and mental health, more than seen after treadmill-treading alone. Trial registered at ClinicalTrials.Gov NCT02427997.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of treadmill training with virtual reality to enhance gait and cognitive function in people with multiple sclerosis. The intervention targets people with multiple sclerosis, not older people, and the focus is on motor and cognitive impairments specific to this condition. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Gandolfi, M., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Virtual Reality Telerehabilitation for Postural Instability in Parkinson's Disease: A Multicenter, Single-Blind, Randomized, Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  BIOMED RESEARCH INTERNATIONAL 2017.
[Abstract] Introduction. Telerehabilitation enables patients to access remote rehabilitation services for patient-physiotherapist videoconferencing in their own homes. Home-based virtual reality (VR) balance training has been shown to reduce postural instability in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). The primary aim was to compare improvements in postural stability after remotely supervised in-home VR balance training and in-clinic sensory integration balance training (SIBT). Methods. In this multicenter study, 76 PD patients (modified Hoehn and Yahr stages 2.5-3) were randomly assigned to receive either in-home VR telerehabilitation (n = 38) or in-clinic SIBT (n = 38) in 21 sessions of 50 minutes each, 3 days/week for 7 consecutive weeks. VR telerehabilitation consisted of graded exergames using the Nintendo Wii Fit system; SIBT included exercises to improve postural stability. Patients were evaluated before treatment, after treatment, and at 1-month follow-up. Results. Analysis revealed significant between-group differences in improvement on the Berg Balance Scale for the VR telerehabilitation group (p = 0.04) and significant Time x Group interactions in the Dynamic Gait Index (p = 0.04) for the in-clinic group. Both groups showed differences in all outcome measures over time, except for fall frequency. Cost comparison yielded between-group differences in treatment and equipment costs. Conclusions. VR is a feasible alternative to in-clinic SIBT for reducing postural instability in PD patients having a caregiver.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. While the paper does involve the use of exergames (specifically, the Nintendo Wii Fit system) and includes a randomized controlled trial, the intervention targets patients with Parkinson's disease rather than older people in general. Additionally, the primary focus is on postural instability in Parkinson's disease, not specifically on preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, the paper does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Gandolfi, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    How Does Postural Control in Patients with Functional Motor Disorders Adapt to Multitasking-Based Immersive Virtual Reality?
[Journal]  MOVEMENT DISORDERS CLINICAL PRACTICE 11(4): 337-345.
[Abstract] Background: Motor symptoms in functional motor disorders (FMDs) refer to involuntary, but learned, altered movement patterns associated with aberrant self-focus, sense of agency, and belief/expectations. These conditions commonly lead to impaired posture control, raising the likelihood of falls and disability. Utilizing visual and cognitive tasks to manipulate attentional focus, virtual reality (VR) integrated with posturography is a promising tool for exploring postural control disorders.Objectives: To investigate whether postural control can be adapted by manipulating attentional focus in a 3D immersive VR environment.Methods: We compared postural parameters in 17 FMDs patients and 19 age-matched healthy controls over a single session under four increasingly more complex and attention-demanding conditions: simple fixation task (1) in the real room and (2) in 3D VR room-like condition; complex fixation task in a 3D VR city-like condition (3) avoiding distractors and (4) counting them. Dual-task effect (DTE) measured the relative change in performance induced by the different attention-demanding conditions on postural parameters.Results: Patients reduced sway area and mediolateral center of pressure displacement velocity DTE compared to controls (all, P < 0.049), but only under condition 4. They also showed a significant reduction in the sway area DTE under condition 4 compared to condition 3 (P = 0.025).Conclusions: This study provides novel preliminary evidence for the value of a 3D immersive VR environment combined with different attention-demanding conditions in adapting postural control in patients with FMDs. As supported by quantitative and objective posturographic measures, our findings may inform interventions to explore FMDs pathophysiology.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of a 3D immersive virtual reality (VR) environment to investigate postural control in patients with functional motor disorders (FMDs). While the study does involve an intervention using VR, which can be considered a form of exergame, it does not specifically target older people. The participants are FMD patients and age-matched healthy controls, but there is no indication that they are elderly. Additionally, the primary objective is to explore how postural control adapts to multitasking in a VR environment, rather than to prevent falls in the elderly. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Gao, T. Y., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of a Binocular Video Game vs Placebo Video Game for Improving Visual Functions in Older Children, Teenagers, and Adults With Amblyopia A Randomized Clinical Trial.
[Journal]  JAMA OPHTHALMOLOGY 136(2): 172-181.
[Abstract] IMPORTANCE Binocular amblyopia treatment using contrast-rebalanced stimuli showed promise in laboratory studies and requires clinical trial investigation in a home-based setting.OBJECTIVE To compare the effectiveness of a binocular video game with a placebo video game for improving visual functions in older children and adults.DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS The Binocular Treatment of Amblyopia Using Videogames clinical trial was a multicenter, double-masked, randomized clinical trial. Between March 2014 and June 2016, 115 participants 7 years and older with unilateral amblyopia (amblyopic eye visual acuity, 0.30-1.00 logMAR; Snellen equivalent, 20/40-20/200) due to anisometropia, strabismus, or both were recruited. Eligible participants were allocated with equal chance to receive either the active or the placebo video game, with minimization stratified by age group (child, age 7 to 12 years; teenager, age 13 to 17 years; and adult, 18 years and older).INTERVENTIONS Falling-blocks video games played at home on an iPod Touch for 1 hour per day for 6 weeks. The active video game had game elements split between eyes with a dichoptic contrast offset (mean [SD] initial fellow eye contrast, 0.23 [0.14]). The placebo video game presented identical images to both eyes.MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Change in amblyopic eye visual acuity at 6 weeks. Secondary outcomes included compliance, stereoacuity, and interocular suppression. Participants and clinicians who measured outcomes were masked to treatment allocation.RESULTS Of the 115 included participants, 65 (56.5%) were male and 83 (72.2%) were white, and the mean (SD) age at randomization was 21.5 (13.6) years. There were 89 participants (77.4%) who had prior occlusion. The mean (SD) amblyopic eye visual acuity improved 0.06 (0.12) logMAR from baseline in the active group (n = 56) and 0.07 (0.10) logMAR in the placebo group (n = 59). The mean treatment difference between groups, adjusted for baseline visual acuity and age group, was -0.02 logMAR (95% CI, -0.06 to 0.02; P = .25). Compliance with more than 25% of prescribed game play was achieved by 36 participants (64%) in the active group and by 49 (83%) in the placebo group. At 6 weeks, 36 participants (64%) in the active group achieved fellow eye contrast greater than 0.9 in the binocular video game. No group differences were observed for any secondary outcomes. Adverse effects included 3 reports of transient asthenopia.CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE The specific home-based binocular falling-blocks video game used in this clinical trial did not improve visual outcomes more than the placebo video game despite increases in fellow eye contrast during game play. More engaging video games with considerations for compliance may improve effectiveness.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effectiveness of a binocular video game compared to a placebo video game for improving visual functions in older children, teenagers, and adults with amblyopia. The intervention targets individuals 7 years and older, but it does not specifically target older people (elderly) and the primary goal is to improve visual acuity, not to prevent falls.

[Author]   Gao, Y., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of virtual reality in preventing falls in non-disabled older adults: A meta-analysis and systematic review.
[Journal]  GERIATRIC NURSING 58: 15-25.
[Abstract] Objective: This study was conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of virtual reality interventions in preventing falls among non -disabled older adults. Methods: We conducted a librarian -designed database search. Two researchers independently screened eligible studies. The Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions was used to assess the risk of bias in the included studies. Results: Virtual reality interventions can effectively improve gait and dynamic and static balance function, enhance lower limb muscle strength, and reduce the risk of falls in the non -disabled elderly. However, the effect of virtual reality on reducing the fear of falling remains controversial. Conclusion: Virtual reality interventions can effectively prevent falls in nondisabled elderly individuals. Higher quality, larger sample size, and long-term follow-up studies are needed to further verify the longterm effectiveness of virtual reality training in preventing falls in non -disabled elderly individuals. (c) 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a meta-analysis and systematic review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Gao, Z., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Impact of exergaming on young children's school day energy expenditure and moderate-to-vigorous physical activity levels.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SPORT AND HEALTH SCIENCE 6(1): 11-16.
[Abstract] Background: Although emerging research is demonstrating the potential health impact of exergaming, investigations have primarily been conducted in laboratory settings among small samples with short-term interventions. Information on the effectiveness of exergaming in underserved children's objective physical activity (PA) in population-based settings is also scarce. Moreover, most empirical studies have only included 1 type of exergame in the intervention. Therefore, this study's purpose was to investigate the long-term impact of a multigame exergaming intervention among underserved children integrated within school curricula. Specifically, this study examined the effect of exergaming on children's accelerometer-determined sedentary behavior (SB), light PA, moderate-to-vigorous PA (MVPA), and energy expenditure (EE) over 2 years as compared with regular physical education (PE) classes.Methods: A total of 261 second-and third-grade children (134 girls, 127 boys; mean age 8.27 years) were recruited from 2 Texas elementary schools. Children's pre-test 3-day SB, light PA, MVPA, and EE at school were assessed in the fall of 2012. Participants were assigned to 1 of 2 groups: (1) exergaming/PE group (125 min weekly of exergaming-based PA program) and (2) comparison group (125 min weekly of PE). PA (SB, light PA, and MVPA) and EE outcome variables were assessed again in 2013 (post-test) and 2014 (follow-up).Results: Significant time effects were observed for SB (F(1, 162) = 25.0, p < 0.01, eta(2) = 0.14), light PA (F(1, 162) = 9.6, p < 0.01, eta(2) = 0.06), and MVPA (F(1, 162) = 6.2, p = 0.01, eta(2) = 0.04) but not for EE (F(1, 162) = 0.63, p > 0.05, eta(2) = 0.004). Subsequent pairwise comparisons revealed significant increases from pre-to post-test for light PA (p < 0.01), MVPA (p < 0.01), and EE (p = 0.02) with no changes in SB (p > 0.05). Conversely, significant decreases occurred in light PA (p < 0.01) from post-test to follow-up with no differences seen in MVPA (p = 0.08) and EE (p = 0.06) over the same time period. A significant increase was seen, however, for SB from post-test to follow-up.Conclusion: Exergaming PE can have the same positive effect on children's light PA, MVPA, and EE as regular PE. More research is necessary to discern how to promote long-term PA participation after conclusion of the intervention. (C) 2017 Production and hosting by Elsevier B. V. on behalf of Shanghai University of Sport. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the impact of exergaming on young children's physical activity and energy expenditure, not on preventing falls in the elderly. The intervention targets young children, and the study focuses on their physical activity levels and energy expenditure, which does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Garces-Parra, C., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Enhancing late postmortem interval prediction: a pilot study integrating proteomics and machine learning to distinguish human bone remains over 15 years.
[Journal]  BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH 57(1).
[Abstract] BackgroundDetermining the postmortem interval (PMI) accurately remains a significant challenge in forensic sciences, especially for intervals greater than 5 years (late PMI). Traditional methods often fail due to the extensive degradation of soft tissues, necessitating reliance on bone material examinations. The precision in estimating PMIs diminishes with time, particularly for intervals between 1 and 5 years, dropping to about 50% accuracy. This study aims to address this issue by identifying key protein biomarkers through proteomics and machine learning, ultimately enhancing the accuracy of PMI estimation for intervals exceeding 15 years.MethodsProteomic analysis was conducted using LC-MS/MS on skeletal remains, specifically focusing on the tibia and ribs. Protein identification was performed using two strategies: a tryptic-specific search and a semitryptic search, the latter being particularly beneficial in cases of natural protein degradation. The Random Forest algorithm was used to model protein abundance data, enabling the prediction of PMI. A thorough screening process, combining importance scores and SHAP values, was employed to identify the most informative proteins for model's training and accuracy.ResultsA minimal set of three biomarkers-K1C13, PGS1, and CO3A1-was identified, significantly improving the prediction accuracy between PMIs of 15 and 20 years. The model, based on protein abundance data from semitryptic peptides in tibia samples, achieved sustained 100% accuracy across 100 iterations. In contrast, non-supervised methods like PCA and MCA did not yield comparable results. Additionally, the use of semitryptic peptides outperformed tryptic peptides, particularly in tibia proteomes, suggesting their potential reliability in late PMI prediction.ConclusionsDespite limitations such as sample size and PMI range, this study demonstrates the feasibility of combining proteomics and machine learning for accurate late PMI predictions. Future research should focus on broader PMI ranges and various bone types to further refine and standardize forensic proteomic methodologies for PMI estimation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about enhancing the prediction of postmortem intervals using proteomics and machine learning, and it does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Garcia, J. A. (2019). 
[Title]    A Virtual Reality Game-Like Tool for Assessing the Risk of Falling in the Elderly.
[Journal]  Studies in health technology and informatics 266: 63-69.
[Abstract] In recent years, the use of interactive game technology has gained much interest in the research community as a means to measure indicators associated with the risk of falling in the elderly. Input devices used for gaming offer an inexpensive but yet reliable alternative to the costly apparatuses used in clinics and medical centers. In this paper, we explore the feasibility of using virtual reality technology as a tool to assess the risk of falling in the senior community in a more immersive, intuitive and descriptive manner. Our VR-based tool captures stepping performance parameters in order to fulfill the requirements of a well-established clinical test for fall risk assessment. The use of virtual reality allows for an immersive experience where elderly users can fully concentrate on the motor and cognitive functions being assessed rather than the technology being used.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on using a virtual reality game-like tool to assess the risk of falling in the elderly, rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the abstract does not mention a randomized controlled trial or the reporting of such results. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Garcia, J. A. and K. Felix Navarro (2015).
[Title]    StepKinnection: A Fall Prevention Game Mindfully Designed for the Elderly
[Journal]  DRIVING REFORM: DIGITAL HEALTH IS EVERYONE'S BUSINESS. 214: 43-49.
[Abstract] This paper presents the StepKinnection game, a Kinect-driven stepping game for the elderly that delivers stepping exercises to train specific cognitive and physical abilities associated with falls. This system combines a set of suitable age-related features, meaningful exercise routines and an embedded clinical test for fall risk assessment. The combination of these three aspects makes the game potentially useful in practice as the game is appealing to the elderly cohort, trains one of the most important abilities to prevent falls and at the same time allows for a continuous assessment of health outcomes; characteristics not available in the literature nor in current commercial games.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract describes the design and features of a game (StepKinnection) aimed at preventing falls in the elderly, but it does not mention a randomized controlled trial or the reporting of results from such a trial. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Garcia, J. A., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    A Bespoke Kinect Stepping Exergame for Improving Physical and Cognitive Function in Older People: A Pilot Study.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 5(6): 382-388.
[Abstract] Background: Systematic review evidence has shown that step training reduces the number of falls in older people by half. This study investigated the feasibility and effectiveness of a bespoke Kinect stepping exergame in an unsupervised home-based setting. Materials and Methods: An uncontrolled pilot trial was conducted in 12 community-dwelling older adults (mean age 79.38.7 years, 10 females). The stepping game comprised rapid stepping, attention, and response inhibition. Participants were recommended to exercise unsupervised at home for a minimum of three 20-minute sessions per week over the 12-week study period. The outcome measures were choice stepping reaction time (CSRT) (main outcome measure), standing balance, gait speed, five-time sit-to-stand (STS), timed up and go (TUG) performance, and neuropsychological function (attention: letter-digit and executive function:Stroop tests) assessed at baseline, 4 weeks, 8 weeks, and trial end (12 weeks). Results: Ten participants (83%) completed the trial and reassessments. A median 8.2 20-minute sessions were completed and no adverse events were reported. Across the trial period, participants showed significant improvements in CSRT (11%), TUG (13%), gait speed (29%), standing balance (7%), and STS (24%) performance (all P<0.05). There were also nonsignificant, but meaningful, improvements for the letter-digit (13%) and Stroop tests (15%). Conclusions: This study found that a bespoke Kinect step training program was safe and feasible for older people to undertake unsupervised at home and led to improvements in stepping, standing balance, gait speed, and mobility. The home-based step training program could therefore be included in exercise programs designed to prevent falls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a pilot study that investigates the feasibility and effectiveness of a bespoke Kinect stepping exergame for improving physical and cognitive function in older people. However, it is an uncontrolled pilot trial, not a randomized controlled trial (RCT). According to the criteria, the paper should include RCTs and report the results. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Garcia, M. B., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    
[Journal]  i>We're going on a virtual trip!</i>": a switching-replications experiment of 360-degree videos as a physical field trip alternative in primary education." INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF CHILD CARE AND EDUCATION POLICY 17(1).
[Abstract] Field trips are steadily declining due to limited funding, time constraints, safety concerns, and other logistical issues. Many schools are resorting to a virtual field trip (VFT), especially when education is disrupted due to public health concerns, natural disasters, or other unforeseen significant events. Virtual reality as a common form of VFT is likely not an option for many schools due to cost and other barriers. The purpose of our study was to explore the potential of going in a VFT using 360-degree (360 degrees) videos as an alternative to a physical field trip in primary education. We recruited third-grade pupils (aged 8-9) from two private elementary schools to experience VFTs using 360 degrees videos (360V) and regular videos (REGV). Using a switching-replications experimental design, we compared their content recall (assessment tests) and VFT experience (attitude, perceived usefulness, involvement, inquiry, video engagement, and virtual guide) across four-time points. Our results show that the increase in content recall scores of 360V groups after VFTs was consistently higher compared to REGV groups at all time points, although it was only significant in one quarter. We also found pupils' video engagement, involvement, and attitude as significant factors in their VFT experience. These results call attention to a possible implementation of VFTs and continue the long-standing tradition that has been acknowledged as a student-centered, interactive instructional method.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of 360-degree videos as a virtual field trip alternative in primary education, targeting third-grade pupils. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Garcia, M. H. d. O., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil: active surveillance and profile of health care in the host city of Fortaleza, Ceara, Brazil.
[Journal]  Epidemiologia e servicos de saude : revista do Sistema Unico de Saude do Brasil 25(3): 499-510.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE: to describe the real-time active surveillance strategy and the profile of health care provided during the 20th FIFA World Cup Brazil 2014 (FWCB), in the host city of Fortaleza, Ceara, Brazil.METHODS: this was a descriptive study with data collected from medical records during the FWCB, between June 8 and July 13, 2014, in pre-selected health care units.RESULTS: there were 2,570 medical assistances related to the FWCB; 56% of the patients were male, 35% were between 20 and 29 years old; 68% were clinical care, and 64% of the individuals were fans/spectators; 94% of the patients were discharged, 3% were referred, 3% were hospitalized and 0.2% died; the advanced medical units were responsible for 79% of the assistances, mainly on game days.CONCLUSION: no public health event of great importance was identified; the active surveillance strategy enabled the monitoring of health situation of those individuals involved in the event.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the active surveillance and health care provided during the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Fortaleza, Brazil. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the health care services and surveillance during a major sporting event, and it does not involve an exergame intervention, target older people, or report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Garcia-Angulo, A., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Applying the New Teaching Methodologies in Youth Football Players: Toward a Healthier Sport.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PHYSIOLOGY 10.
[Abstract] At early ages (6-12 years), the levels of physical activity developed in sports initiation and Physical Education often fall short of optimal levels. Ecological models of education seek, among other things, to make up for this deficit by modifying the structural elements of sport, bringing play closer to the child's developmental characteristics. In this sense, Nonlinear Pedagogy is a model of active pedagogy that seeks the integral development of young players through a sport more in line with their abilities, and that for this is based on a system of constraints on the environment, the task and the player himself. However, there are no studies that analyze the effects of these methodologies on the parameters of physical activity at such an early age. The aim of this study was to analyze the impact of a learning methodology based on Nonlinear Pedagogy on health-related levels of physical activity (heart rate) in young football players (U-11). A quasi-experimental study was developed in which three tasks were applied using structural modifications of the football elements related to Nonlinear Pedagogy (modification of the number of players related to situations of inferiority, equality and numerical superiority; dimensions of the field of play). The sample studied was composed of football players, U-11 n = 32), age: 10.35 +/- 0.54 years; years of experience: 2.14 +/- 0.768 years. The players carried out each task for 10 min. Physical activity levels were measured by controlling heart rate using heart rate monitors (Polar Team2). The results showed very high levels of vigorous and very vigorous physical activity in all the tasks designed. These data show that the use of these new teaching methodologies has an impact on levels of physical activity in accordance with the recommended parameters.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the application of Nonlinear Pedagogy, a teaching methodology, to improve physical activity levels in youth football players (ages 6-12 years). It does not meet the criteria for targeting older people, using exergames, or being a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Garcia-Bravo, S., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Training With Wii Balance Board for Dynamic Balance in Older Adults.
[Journal]  TOPICS IN GERIATRIC REHABILITATION 36(2): 79-85.
[Abstract] Background and Purpose:Age-related muscle strength deterioration and decreased ability to react appropriately and regain balance after unexpected sudden disturbances and deficit they have in the use of responsible mechanisms to control the dynamic stability in response to a disturbance are important intrinsic risk factors for the fall. The main objective of this study is to verify the impact on the dynamic balance, through the Limits of Stability test, of a physical exercise program in older adults using the Nintendo Wii console.Methods:The sample consisted of a total of 12 patients. Pre and posttreatment measurements and assessments were carried out at the Laboratory of Motion Analysis, Biomechanics, Ergonomics and Motor Control (LAMBECOM) in the Faculty of Health Sciences of the Rey Juan Carlos University.Results and Conclusions:The results of this study show improvements in the scores of all the variables analyzed by Limits of Stability: RT, MVL, EPE, MXE and DCL. The results obtained seem to determine that the protocol used through training with the Nintendo Wii and its Wii Fit video game produced clinical improvements in postural control and dynamic balance and a positive impact on quality of life.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes an intervention using the Nintendo Wii and its Wii Fit video game to improve dynamic balance in older adults. However, it does not meet the criteria for a randomized controlled trial (RCT). The sample size is small (12 patients), and there is no mention of randomization or control groups. Therefore, it does not fully meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Garcia-Lopez, H., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Non-Immersive Virtual Reality to Improve Balance and Reduce Risk of Falls in People Diagnosed with Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
[Journal]  BRAIN SCIENCES 11(11).
[Abstract] (1) Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness of non-immersive virtual reality in reducing falls and improving balance in patients diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. (2) Methods: The following databases were searched: PUBMED, PEDro, Scielo, CINAHL, Web of Science, Dialnet, Scopus and MEDLINE. These databases were searched for randomized controlled trials published using relevant keywords in various combinations. The methodological quality of the articles was evaluated using the PEDro scale. (3) Results: A total of 10 studies with a total of 537 subjects, 58.7% of which (n = 315) were men, have been included in the review. The age of the participants in these studies ranged between 55 and 80 years. Each session lasted between 30 and 75 min, and the interventions lasted between 5 and 12 weeks. These studies showed that non-immersive virtual reality is effective in reducing the number of falls and improving both static and dynamic balance in patients diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. Results after non-immersive virtual reality intervention showed an improvement in balance and a decrease in the number and the risk of falls. However, no significant differences were found between the intervention groups and the control groups for all the included studies regarding balance. (4) Conclusions: There is evidence that non-immersive virtual reality can improve balance and reduce the risk and number of falls, being therefore beneficial for people diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which means it does not include original data from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it synthesizes the results of multiple studies. According to the criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Gasienica Walczak, B., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Evidence-based monitoring of the stimuli and effects of prophylaxis and kinesiotherapy based on the exercises of safe falling and avoiding collisions as a condition for optimising the prevention of body injuries in a universal sense - people with eye diseases as an example of an increased risk group.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF BUDO 14: 79-95.
[Abstract] Background and Study Alm: Often the boundary between prophylaxis and therapy is difficult to define. People with diseases of the eye are at increased risk of a collision with both vertical obstacles or objects which are in motion, and unintentional fall. The aim of this study is knowledge about methods, means, effort indicators during a practice session, as well as the quality of body control during a simulated fall in laboratory conditions before and after a specific course.Material and Methods: Clinical group (CG) 5 male with eye diseases: age 18.2 +/- 0.45 years; height 171 +/- 12.4 cm, weight 66.2 +/- 14 kg. Prophylactic group (PG) 36 male physiotherapy students (mean, SD): age 21.5 +/- 2.25 years; height 181.28 +/- 5.26 cm; weight 79.47 +/- 8.65 kg. We used the susceptibility test to the body injuries during the fall (STBIDF). Total points is a general indicator of the susceptibility to body injuries during the fall (SBIDF): low (0), average (1-3), high (4-8), very high (9-14). Relatively for particular body parts (SBPIDF): low (0), average (1), high (2-6).Results: CG average session time 33 minutes, 40 specific exercises were used, 63% falls (150-160), 37% others. The intensity of all sessions of kinesiotherapy in the moderate zone, while 2 minutes of specific training sequences in the high zone. PG respectively: 38 minutes, 50 exercises including 60% (180-190) of various falls and 40% fun forms of martial arts, fall simulations, avoiding collisions. The average intensity of training 130 HR (moderate zone). SBIDF before the specific course was in CG: 9 +/- 1.87 points (6 to 11); in PG 8.56 +/- 2.87 points (0 to 14) and). After, respectively: CG: 3.2 +/- 1.17 points (2 to 5) and in PG 0.75 +/- 1.01 points (0 to 3) p<0.001.Conclusions: We recommend the cumulating of 10 empirically verified sessions within 2-3 weeks of health stay as an opti- mal incentive for injury prevention due to falls and/or collision. Combining these exercises with occupational therapy and creeping orientation training can be an effective and attractive way to improve the quality of life of people with eye disease.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on a clinical and prophylactic group, primarily using specific exercises, simulated falls, and martial arts, but it does not mention the use of exergames (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, cognitive training). Additionally, the participants are not specifically older people; the clinical group consists of young males with eye diseases, and the prophylactic group includes male physiotherapy students.

[Author]   Gaul, D. and J. Issartel (2016). 
[Title]    Fine motor skill proficiency in typically developing children: On or off the maturation track?
[Journal]  HUMAN MOVEMENT SCIENCE 46: 78-85.
[Abstract] Fine motor skill proficiency is an essential component of numerous daily living activities such as dressing, feeding or playing. Poor fine motor skills can lead to difficulties in academic achievement, increased anxiety and poor self-esteem. Recent findings have shown that children's gross motor skill proficiency tends to fall below established developmental norms. A question remains: do fine motor skill proficiency levels also fall below developmental norms? The aim of this study was to examine the current level of fine motor skill in Irish children. Children (N = 253) from 2nd, 4th and 6th grades (mean age = 7.12, 9.11 and 11.02 respectively) completed the Fine Motor Composite of the Bruininks Oseretsky Test of Motor Proficiency 2nd Edition (BOT-2). Analysis revealed that only 2nd grade children met the expected level of fine motor skill proficiency. It was also found that despite children's raw scores improving with age, children's fine motor skill proficiency was not progressing at the expected rate given by normative data. This leads us to question the role and impact of modern society on fine motor skills development over the past number of decades. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on fine motor skill proficiency in children and does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention, target population, or study design related to exergames and fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Gazzola, J. M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    A quantitative analysis of postural control in elderly patients with vestibular disorders using visual stimulation by virtual reality.
[Journal]  BRAZILIAN JOURNAL OF OTORHINOLARYNGOLOGY 86(5): 593-601.
[Abstract] Introduction: Postural instability is one the most common disabling features in vestibular disorders.Objective: This study aimed to analyze the limit of stability and the influence of manipulation of visual, somatosensorial and visual-vestibular information on postural control in older adults with vestibular disorder, with and without a history of falls.Methods: Cross-sectional study. Participants - 76 elderly patients with vestibular disorder (G1, without falls; G2, with falls) and 41 healthy elderly subjects (control group; CG). Using posturography, analyzed were limit of stability area, body center of pressure, and velocity of oscillation in the standing position in 10 conditions, including open/closed eyes, unstable surface with eyes closed, saccadic and optokinetic stimuli, and visual-vestibular interaction.Results: Limit of stability area in CG was better compared with G1-2, and center of pressure values were worse in G1 than in CG. Center of pressure area in all conditions and velocity of oscillation in the following conditions: open/closed eyes, optokinetic stimulation, and visual-vestibular interaction showed worse values in G2 than in CG. Center of pressure area in the following conditions: open/closed eyes, saccadic and optokinetic stimuli, visual-vestibular interaction, and unstable surface with eyes closed showed worse values in G2 than in G1.Conclusion: Older adults with vestibular disorder presented reduced limit of stability and increased postural sway in the following conditions: conflict between visual and somatosensory information and visual-vestibular interaction. Deterioration in postural control was significantly associated with history of falls. (C) 2019 Associacao Brasileira de Otorrinolaringologia e Cirurgia Cervico-Facial. Published by Elsevier Editora Ltda.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does target older people and uses visual stimulation by virtual reality, it is a cross-sectional study and not a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the focus is on analyzing postural control rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls.

[Author]   Ge, L., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    The effectiveness of exergames on fear of falling in community-dwelling older adults: a systematic review.
[Journal]  AGING & MENTAL HEALTH 26(7): 1306-1317.
[Abstract] Objectives Fear of falling is common among older adults and can increase fall-risk through premature activity restriction. Exergames, an emerging tool in fall prevention, combine exercise with interactive and adaptive game elements. This review examines the extent to which exergame interventions reduce fear of falling among community-dwelling older adults. Method: Guided by the PRISMA methodology, we reviewed peer-reviewed studies that were published in English between 2006 and 2019 and employed a comparative design to test the effect of exergames on fear of falling in community-dwelling older adults. Two reviewers screened the literature and extracted data on the exergame platform, participants, study design, and results. A modified PEDro scale was used to assess study quality. Disagreements were resolved through discussion with the third reviewer. Results: Our literature search resulted in 23 eligible studies on exergame interventions where fear of falling was the primary or secondary outcome. Most interventions (35%) occurred within hospitals and were delivered via a Wii-based system (61%). Fear of falling was most commonly measured using the Falls Efficacy Scale, the Activities-specific Balance Scale and their modified versions. A total of 15 of the 23 studies reported statistically significant changes in fear of falling. Quality assessment showed 10 studies to be rated as 'good.' Conclusion: This review showed that exergame may have a positive effect in reducing fear of falling in community-dwelling older adults. The finding provides a direction for clinical practice in the research area of intervention on fear of falling in older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which means it does not include original data from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it synthesizes the results of multiple studies. According to the criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Gebara, C. M., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Virtual reality exposure using three-dimensional images for the treatment of social phobia.
[Journal]  REVISTA BRASILEIRA DE PSIQUIATRIA 38(1): 24-29.
[Abstract] Objective: To test a potential treatment for social phobia, which provides exposure to phobia-inducing situations via computer-generated, three-dimensional images, using an open clinical trial design.Methods: Twenty-one patients with a DSM-IV diagnosis of social phobia took part in the trial. Treatment consisted of up to 12 sessions of exposure to relevant images, each session lasting 50 minutes.Results: Improvements in social anxiety were seen in all scales and instruments used, including at follow-up 6 months after the end of treatment. The average number of sessions was seven, as the participants habituated rapidly to the process. Only one participant dropped out.Conclusion: This study provides evidence that exposure to computer-generated three-dimensional images is relatively inexpensive, leads to greater treatment adherence, and can reduce social anxiety. Further studies are needed to corroborate these findings.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using virtual reality (three-dimensional images) for the treatment of social phobia, not for preventing falls in the elderly. The intervention targets patients with social phobia, and the study design is an open clinical trial, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Geertsema, E. E., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Automated remote fall detection using impact features from video and audio.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 88: 25-32.
[Abstract] Elderly people and people with epilepsy may need assistance after falling, but may be unable to summon help due to injuries or impairment of consciousness. Several wearable fall detection devices have been developed, but these are not used by all people at risk. We present an automated analysis algorithm for remote detection of high impact falls, based on a physical model of a fall, aiming at universality and robustness. Candidate events are automatically detected and event features are used as classifier input. The algorithm uses vertical velocity and acceleration features from optical flow outputs, corrected for distance from the camera using moving object size estimation. A sound amplitude feature is used to increase detector specificity. We tested the performance and robustness of our trained algorithm using acted data from a public database and real life data with falls resulting from epilepsy and with daily life activities. Applying the trained algorithm to the acted dataset resulted in 90% sensitivity for detection of falls, with 92% specificity. In the real life data, six/nine falls were detected with a specificity of 99.7%; there is a plausible explanation for not detecting each of the falls missed. These results reflect the algorithm's robustness and confirms the feasibility of detecting falls using this algorithm. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about an automated system for detecting falls in the elderly and people with epilepsy using video and audio data. It does not involve exergames or any form of exercise or cognitive training intervention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Generoso, J. R., Jr., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Simulation Training in Early Emergency Response (STEER).
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF CONTINUING EDUCATION IN NURSING 47(6): 255-265.
[Abstract] Little has been published about nurses' responses in the first 5 minutes of in-hospital emergencies. This study aimed to test a simulation curriculum based on institutional priorities using high-intensity, short-duration, frequent in situ content delivery based on deliberate practice. The study design was a prospective, single-center, mixed-methods quasi-experimental study. Scenarios used in this study were ventricular fibrillation, opiate-related respiratory depression, syncopal fall, and hemorrhagic stroke. The convenience sample included 41 teams (147 participants). Improvements were noted in initiating chest compressions (p = .018), time to check blood glucose (p = .046), and identification of heparin as a contributor to stroke (p = .043). Establishing in situ simulation-based teaching program is feasible and well received. This approach appears effective in increasing confidence, initiating life-saving measures, and empowering nurses to manage emergencies. Future studies should evaluate and improve on the curriculum, on data collection tools quantitatively, and on overcoming barriers to high-quality emergency care.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on a simulation training program for nurses to improve their responses in the first 5 minutes of in-hospital emergencies, including scenarios like ventricular fibrillation, opiate-related respiratory depression, syncopal fall, and hemorrhagic stroke. It does not target older people specifically, nor does it use exergames as an intervention. Additionally, the study design is a quasi-experimental study, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Georga, E. I., et al. (2020).
[Title]    A Dynamic Bayesian Network Approach to Behavioral Modelling of Elderly People during a Home-based Augmented Reality Balance Physiotherapy Programme
[Journal]  42ND ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCES OF THE IEEE ENGINEERING IN MEDICINE AND BIOLOGY SOCIETY: ENABLING INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES FOR GLOBAL HEALTHCARE EMBC'20: 5544-5547.
[Abstract] In this study, we propose a dynamic Bayesian network (DBN)-based approach to behavioral modelling of community dwelling older adults at risk for falls during the daily sessions of a hologram-enabled vestibular rehabilitation therapy programme. The component of human behavior being modelled is the level of frustration experienced by the user at each exercise, as it is assessed by the NASA Task Load Index. Herein, we present the topology of the DBN and test its inference performance on real-patient data.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on using a dynamic Bayesian network to model the behavior, specifically the level of frustration, of older adults during a home-based augmented reality balance physiotherapy program. While the intervention does target older people and uses an augmented reality (which can be considered a form of exergame), the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it focuses on the modeling and inference performance of the DBN. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Geraets, C. N. W., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Virtual reality-based cognitive behavioural therapy for patients with generalized social anxiety disorder: a pilot study.
[Journal]  BEHAVIOURAL AND COGNITIVE PSYCHOTHERAPY 47(6): 745-750.
[Abstract] Background: Patients with generalized social anxiety disorder (SAD) avoid various social situations and can be reluctant to engage in in vivo exposure therapy. Highly personalized practising can be required before patients are ready to perform in vivo exposure. Virtual reality-based therapy could be beneficial for this group.Aims: To assess the feasibility and potential effect of virtual reality-based cognitive behavioural therapy (VR-CBT) for patients with severe generalized SAD.Methods: Fifteen patients with generalized SAD attended up to 16 VR-CBT sessions. Questionnaires on clinical and functional outcomes, and diary assessments on social activity, social anxiety and paranoia were completed at baseline, post-treatment and at 6-months follow-up.Results: Two patients dropped out of treatment. Improvements in social anxiety and quality of life were found at post-treatment. At follow-up, depressive symptoms had decreased, and the effect on social anxiety was maintained. With respect to diary assessments, social anxiety in company and paranoia were significantly reduced by post-treatment. These improvements were maintained at follow-up. No increase was observed in social activity.Conclusions: This uncontrolled pilot study demonstrates the feasibility and treatment potential of VR-CBT in a difficult-to-treat group of patients with generalized SAD. Results suggest that VR-CBT may be effective in reducing anxiety as well as depression, and can increase quality of life.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality-based cognitive behavioral therapy (VR-CBT) for patients with generalized social anxiety disorder. It does not target older people, nor is it focused on preventing falls. The study is also a pilot study and not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Gerards, M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    The effect of perturbation-based balance training on balance control and fear of falling in older adults: a single-blind randomised controlled trial.
[Journal]  BMC GERIATRICS 23(1).
[Abstract] Background Perturbation-based balance training (PBT) is an emerging intervention shown to improve balance recovery responses and reduce falls in everyday life in older adults. However, perturbation interventions were heterogeneous in nature and need improvement. This study aims to investigate the effects of a PBT protocol that was designed to address previously identified challenges of PBT, in addition to usual care, on balance control and fear of falling in older adults at increased risk of falling.Methods Community-dwelling older adults (age=65 years) who visited the hospital outpatient clinic due to a fall incident were included. Participants received PBT in addition to usual care (referral to a physiotherapist) versus usual care alone. PBT consisted of three 30-minute sessions in three weeks. Unilateral treadmill belt accelerations and decelerations and platform perturbations (shifts and tilts) were applied during standing and walking on the Computer Assisted Rehabilitation Environment (CAREN, Motek Medical BV). This dual-belt treadmill embedded in a motion platform with 6 degrees of freedom is surrounded by a 180 degrees screen on which virtual reality environments are projected. Duration and contents of the training were standardised, while training progression was individualised. Fear of falling (FES-I) and balance control (Mini-BESTest) were assessed at baseline and one week post-intervention. Primary analysis compared changes in outcome measures between groups using Mann-Whitney U tests.Results Eighty-two participants were included (PBT group n = 39), with a median age of 73 years (IQR 8 years). Median Mini-BESTest scores did not clinically relevantly improve and were not significantly different between groups post-intervention (p = 0.87). FES-I scores did not change in either group.Conclusions Participation in a PBT program including multiple perturbation types and directions did not lead to different effects than usual care on clinical measures of balance control or fear of falling in community-dwelling older adults with a recent history of falls. More research is needed to explore how to modulate PBT training dose, and which clinical outcomes are most suitable to measure training effects on balance control.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a study that uses perturbation-based balance training (PBT) with a Computer Assisted Rehabilitation Environment (CAREN) system, which includes a dual-belt treadmill and virtual reality environments. However, the intervention is not specifically an exergame as defined by the criteria (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, cognitive training, etc.). Instead, it is a form of balance training that incorporates perturbations and virtual reality for rehabilitation purposes. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ghita, A., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Attentional Bias, Alcohol Craving, and Anxiety Implications of the Virtual Reality Cue-Exposure Therapy in Severe Alcohol Use Disorder: A Case Report.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PSYCHOLOGY 12.
[Abstract] Aims: Attentional bias (AB), alcohol craving, and anxiety have important implications in the development and maintenance of alcohol use disorder (AUD). The current study aims to test the effectiveness of a Virtual Reality Cue-Exposure Therapy (VR-CET) to reduce levels of alcohol craving and anxiety and prompt changes in AB toward alcohol content.Method: A 49-year-old male participated in this study, diagnosed with severe AUD, who also used tobacco and illicit substances on an occasional basis and who made several failed attempts to cease substance misuse. The protocol consisted of six VR-CET booster sessions and two assessment sessions (pre- and post-VR-CET) over the course of 5 weeks. The VR-CET program consisted of booster therapy sessions based on virtual reality (VR) exposure to preferred alcohol-related cues and contexts. The initial and final assessment sessions were focused on exploring AB, alcohol craving, and anxiety using paper-and-pencil instruments and the eye-tracking (ET) and VR technologies at different time points.Results: Pre and post assessment sessions indicated falls on the scores of all instruments assessing alcohol craving, anxiety, and AB.Conclusions: This case report, part of a larger project, demonstrates the effectiveness of the VR-CET booster sessions in AUD. In the post-treatment measurements, a variety of instruments showed a change in the AB pattern and an improvement in craving and anxiety responses. As a result of the systematic desensitization, virtual exposure gradually reduced the responses to significant alcohol-related cues and contexts. The implications for AB, anxiety and craving are discussed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the use of Virtual Reality Cue-Exposure Therapy (VR-CET) to reduce alcohol craving, anxiety, and attentional bias in a 49-year-old male with severe Alcohol Use Disorder (AUD). The intervention does not target older people, and it is not designed to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is a case report, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Ghosh, S., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    NotifiVR: Exploring Interruptions and Notifications in Virtual Reality.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON VISUALIZATION AND COMPUTER GRAPHICS 24(4): 1447-1456.
[Abstract] The proliferation of high resolution and affordable virtual reality (VR) headsets is quickly making room-scale VR experiences available in our homes. Most VR experiences strive to achieve complete immersion by creating a disconnect from the real world. However, due to the lack of a standardized notification management system and minimal context awareness in VR, an immersed user may face certain situations such as missing an important phone call (digital scenario), tripping over wandering pets (physical scenario), or losing track of time (temporal scenario). In this paper, we present the results of 1) a survey across 61 VR users to understand common interruptions and scenarios that would benefit from some form of notifications; 2) a design exercise with VR professionals to explore possible notification methods; and 3) an empirical study on the noticeability and perception of 5 different VR interruption scenarios across 6 modality combinations (e.g., audio, visual, haptic, audio + haptic, visual + haptic, and audio + visual) implemented in Unity and presented using the HTC Vive headset. Finally, we combine key learnings from each of these steps along with participant feedback to present a set of observations and recommendations for notification design in VR.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper "NotifiVR: Exploring Interruptions and Notifications in Virtual Reality" is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on understanding interruptions and notifications in virtual reality, including scenarios where users might miss important calls or trip over physical obstacles. It does not specifically target older people, nor does it involve an exergame intervention aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the paper does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Gilat, M., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Functional MRI to Study Gait Impairment in Parkinson's Disease: a Systematic Review and Exploratory ALE Meta-Analysis.
[Journal]  CURRENT NEUROLOGY AND NEUROSCIENCE REPORTS 19(8).
[Abstract] Purpose of ReviewWhilst gait impairment is a main cause for disability in Parkinson's disease (PD), its neural control remains poorly understood. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies of surrogate features of gait in PD.FindingsAssessing the results from PET or SPECT scans after a period of actual walking as well as fMRI during mental imagery or virtual reality (VR) gait paradigms, we found a varying pattern of gait-related brain activity. Overall, a decrease in activation of the SMA during gait was found in PD compared to elderly controls. In addition, the meta-analysis showed that the most consistent gait-related activation was situated in the cerebellar locomotor region (CLR) in PD.SummaryDespite methodological heterogeneity, the combined neuroimaging studies of gait provide new insights into its neural control in PD, suggesting that CLR activation likely serves a compensatory role in locomotion.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and exploratory meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, the focus of the study is on understanding the neural control of gait in Parkinson's disease using neuroimaging, rather than on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Glannfjord, F., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Elderly people's perceptions of using Wii sports bowling - A qualitative study.
[Journal]  SCANDINAVIAN JOURNAL OF OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY 24(5): 329-338.
[Abstract] The Nintendo Wii is a gaming console with motion-sensitive controls that is making inroads into health care and rehabilitation. However, there is still limited knowledge on how elderly people perceive the use of such a product. The aim of this study was to examine how the use of the Wii Sports Bowling in an activity group was perceived by elderly people. The data consisted of observations and interviews with participants who used Wii Sports Bowling and was analysed with content analysis. The findings are described in three themes; "The use of the Wii Sports game', Engagement in the game' and Social interaction around the activity'. Wii Sports Bowling was described as easier to play compared to real-life bowling and was enjoyable and a social activity. The opportunity to meet the group each week was important for the participants. Playing the game resulted in signs of immersion and a flow-like state. The Wii was perceived to be easy to use, to provide a way to socialize with peers and to give opportunities to participate in activities in a new way. More studies regarding elderly people's experiences and apprehensions regarding new technology such as gaming consoles and virtual reality are needed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the perceptions and experiences of elderly people using Wii Sports Bowling, which is an exergame. However, it does not meet all the criteria for the judgment:. 1. The intervention targets older people (criterion met).
2. The intervention involves an exergame (Wii Sports Bowling) (criterion met).
3. The study is qualitative and does not report results from a randomized controlled trial (criterion not met).
4. The paper is a qualitative study, not a meta-analysis, review, or feasibility analysis without original data, but it still does not meet the requirement for a randomized controlled trial.. Therefore, the answer is "NO" because the paper does not include a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Glasser, A. M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Smoking cessation methods among homeless youth in a Midwestern city.
[Journal]  Addictive behaviors reports 11: 100276-100276.
[Abstract] INTRODUCTION: Nearly three times as many homeless youth smoke cigarettes in the United States (US) compared to the general population of youth. Fewstudieshave focused on how to help homeless youth quit smoking. As part of a series of studies to develop a smoking cessation intervention for homeless youth, this study aimed to describe methods used in past quit attemptsbyhomeless youth.METHODS: Recruited from a drop-in center in the Midwestern US, the analytic sample was comprised of 32unaccompanied homeless youthaged 14-24 who smoked combustible tobacco at some point in the past week.In-person qualitative interviews were conducted to understand prior quit attempt experiences of homeless youth.RESULTS: Twenty-two youth (69%) were willing to quit smoking in the next 30days. Most previous quit attempts were unassisted (78%). Participants frequently reported engaging in distracting behaviors (e.g., video games) or thoughts (e.g.,remaining positive). Nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) was another popular method (38%), but with mostly negative reactions. While less common, vaping and use of cannabis to substitute cigarettes was reportedin a notable factionof youth (28%), primarily 18-24years of age.CONCLUSIONS: Youth are primarily engaging in non-evidence-based strategies to quit smoking. Existing evidence-based treatments are often underutilized or not used according to instructions,and youth who do use evidence-based treatments do not find them useful. Future research should explore effective cessation treatment among homeless youth that can ideally be provided at shelters and drop-in centers.IMPLICATIONS: Existing evidence-based treatments are underutilized by homeless youth in this study. Most homeless youth are willing to quit in the next month and are interested in trying behavioral counseling and monitored use of NRT. Drop-in centers may be an effective location from which to develop and offer targeted smoking cessation interventions for homeless youth.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about smoking cessation methods among homeless youth and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are homeless youth, not older people, and the focus is on smoking cessation rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the study uses qualitative interviews and does not report results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Goble, D. J., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Using the Wii Fit as a tool for balance assessment and neurorehabilitation: the first half decade of 
[Journal]  ii-search"." JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 11.
[Abstract] The Nintendo Wii Fit was released just over five years ago as a means of improving basic fitness and overall well-being. Despite this broad mission, the Wii Fit has generated specific interest in the domain of neurorehabilitation as a biobehavioral measurement and training device for balance ability. Growing interest in Wii Fit technology is likely due to the ubiquitous nature of poor balance and catastrophic falls, which are commonly seen in older adults and various disability conditions. The present review provides the first comprehensive summary of Wii Fit balance research, giving specific insight into the system's use for the assessment and training of balance. Overall, at the time of the fifth anniversary, work in the field showed that custom applications using the Wii Balance Board as a proxy for a force platform have great promise as a low cost and portable way to assess balance. On the other hand, use of Wii Fit software-based balance metrics has been far less effective in determining balance status. As an intervention tool, positive balance outcomes have typically been obtained using Wii Fit balance games, advocating their use for neurorehabilitative training. Despite this, limited sample sizes and few randomized control designs indicate that research regarding use of the Wii Fit system for balance intervention remains subject to improvement. Future work aimed at conducting studies with larger scale randomized control designs and a greater mechanistic focus is recommended to further advance the efficacy of this impactful neurorehabilitation tool.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a review that summarizes the use of the Wii Fit for balance assessment and neurorehabilitation. While it mentions the potential of using Wii Fit balance games as an intervention tool, it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial (RCT) with original data. The abstract indicates that the current research in this area is limited by small sample sizes and few RCTs, suggesting that the paper itself is not presenting new RCT results. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Gomaa, Y. S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Role of virtual reality in examining the effect of fear of falling (FOF) on postural stability in individuals without and with Parkinson's disease in Egypt: a mixed-methods feasibility study protocol.
[Journal]  BMJ OPEN 14(5).
[Abstract] Background Falls are common in older people and individuals with neurological conditions. Parkinson's disease (PD) is known for postural instability causing mobility disabilities, falls and reduced quality of life. The fear of falling (FOF), a natural response to unstable balance, can worsen postural control problems. Evaluating FOF relies largely on affected persons' subjective accounts due to limited objective assessment methods available. The aim of this mixed-methods feasibility study is to develop an assessment method for FOF while in motion and walking within virtual environments. This study will assess a range of FOF-related responses, including cognitive factors, neuromuscular response and postural stability.Methods and analysis This feasibility study will consist of four phases: the first two phases will include people without PD, while the other two will include people diagnosed with PD. Participants will be assessed for direct and indirect responses to real life, as well as virtual environment walking scenarios that may induce FOF. Data from questionnaires, different neurophysiological assessments, movement and gait parameters, alongside evaluations of usability and acceptability, will be collected. Semistructured interviews involving both participants and research assistants shall take place to elicit their experiences throughout different phases of the assessments undertaken. Demographic data, the scores of assessment scales, as well as feasibility, usability and acceptability of the measurement methods, will be illustrated via descriptive statistics. Movement and gait outcomes, together with neurophysiological data, will be extracted and calculated. Exploring relationships between different factors in the study will be achieved using a regression model. Thematic analysis will be the approach used to manage qualitative data.Ethics and dissemination This feasibility study was approved by the Ethics Committee of the Faculty of Physical Therapy, Kafr El Sheikh University, Egypt (number: P.T/NEUR/3/2023/46). The results of this study will be published in a peer-reviewed journal.Trial registration number ClinicalTrials.gov Registry (NCT05931692).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a feasibility study that aims to develop an assessment method for fear of falling (FOF) in individuals with and without Parkinson's disease using virtual reality. The study does not focus on the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls, nor does it report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it is a mixed-methods feasibility study designed to evaluate the usability and acceptability of virtual environments for assessing FOF.

[Author]   Gomes, G. C. V., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Feasibility, safety, acceptability, and functional outcomes of playing Nintendo Wii Fit Plus for frail elderly: study protocol for a feasibility trial.
[Journal]  Pilot and feasibility studies 3: 41-41.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Frailty can be defined as a medical syndrome with multiple causes and contributors, characterized by diminished strength and endurance and reduced physiological function that increases the vulnerability to develop functional dependency and/or death. Studies have shown that the most commonly studied exercise protocol for frail older adults is the multimodal training. Interactive video games (IVGs) involve tasks in virtual environments that combine physical and cognitive demands in an attractive and challenging way. The aim of this study will be to evaluate the feasibility, safety, acceptability, and functional outcomes of playing Nintendo Wii Fit PlusTM (NWFP) for frail older adults.METHODS/DESIGN: The study is a randomized controlled, parallel group, feasibility trial. Participants will be randomly assigned to the experimental group (EG) and control group (CG). The EG will participate in 14 training sessions, each lasting 50min, twice a week. In each training session, the participants will play five games, with three attempts at each game. The first attempt will be performed with the assistance of a physical therapist to correct the movements and posture of the patients and subsequent attempts will be performed independently. Scores achieved in the games will be recorded. The participants will be evaluated by a blinded physical therapist at three moments: before and after intervention and 30days after the end of the intervention (follow-up). We will assess the feasibility, acceptability, safety, and clinical outcomes (postural control, gait, cognition, quality of life, mood, and fear of falling).DISCUSSION: Due to the deficiencies in multiple systems, studies have shown that multimodal interventions including motor-cognitive stimulation can improve the mobility of frail elderly adults. IVGs, among them the NWFP, are considered as a multimodal motor-cognitive intervention that can potentially improve motor and cognitive functions in the frail elderly. However, there is still no evidence in the literature that proves the feasibility, safety, acceptability, and functional outcomes of this intervention in frail elderly individuals.TRIAL REGISTRATION: Brazilian Registry of Clinical Trials (RBR-823rst). World Health Organization Trial Registration Data Set (Additionalfile1).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a feasibility trial to evaluate the feasibility, safety, acceptability, and functional outcomes of using Nintendo Wii Fit Plus for frail elderly individuals. While it meets the criteria of targeting older people and using an exergame (Nintendo Wii Fit Plus), it is specifically a feasibility trial, which does not include the full results of a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet all the specified criteria.

[Author]   Goncalves, A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    A virtual reality bus ride as an ecologically valid assessment of balance: a feasibility study.
[Journal]  VIRTUAL REALITY 27(1): 109-117.
[Abstract] Balance disorders can have substantial adverse implications on the performance of daily activities and lead to an increased risk of falls, which often have severe negative consequences for older adults. Quantitative assessment through computerized force plate-based posturography enables objective assessment of postural control but could not successfully represent specific abilities required during daily activities. The use of virtual reality (VR) could improve the representative design of functional activities and increase the ecological validity of posturographic tests, which would enhance the transferability of results to the real world. In this work, we investigate the feasibility of a simulated bus ride experienced in a surround-screen VR system to assess balance with increased ecological validity. Participants were first evaluated with a posturography test and then with the VR-based bus ride test, while the reactions of their centre of pressure were registered. Lastly, participants provided self-reported measures of the elicited sense of presence during the test. A total of 16 healthy young adults completed the study. Results showed that the simulation could elicit significant medial-lateral excursions of the centre of pressure in response to variations in the optical flow. Furthermore, these responses' amplitude negatively correlated with the participants' posturography excursions when fixating a target. Although the sense of presence was moderate, likely due to the passive nature of the test, the results support the feasibility of our proposed paradigm, based in the context of a meaningful daily living activity, in assessing balance control components.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the feasibility of using a virtual reality (VR) bus ride simulation to assess balance in healthy young adults, rather than as an intervention to prevent falls in older people. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Gordt, K., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Effects of Wearable Sensor-Based Balance and Gait Training on Balance, Gait, and Functional Performance in Healthy and Patient Populations: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
[Journal]  GERONTOLOGY 64(1): 74-89.
[Abstract] Background: Wearable sensors (WS) can accurately measure body motion and provide interactive feedback for supporting motor learning. Objective: This review aims to summarize current evidence for the effectiveness of WS training for improving balance, gait and functional performance. Methods: A systematic literature search was performed in PubMed, Cochrane, Web of Science, and CINAHL. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) using a WS exercise program were included. Study quality was examined by the PEDro scale. Meta-analyses were conducted to estimate the effects of WS balance training on the most frequently reported outcome parameters. Results: Eight RCTs were included (Parkinson n = 2, stroke n = 1, Parkinson/stroke n = 1, peripheral neuropathy n = 2, frail older adults n = 1, healthy older adults n = 1). The sample size ranged from n = 20 to 40. Three types of training paradigms were used: (1) static steady-state balance training, (2) dynamic steady-state balance training, which includes gait training, and (3) proactive balance training. RCTs either used one type of training paradigm (type 2: n = 1, type 3: n = 3) or combined different types of training paradigms within their intervention (type 1 and 2: n = 2; all types: n = 2). The meta-analyses revealed significant overall effects of WS training on static steady-state balance outcomes including mediolateral (eyes open: Hedges' g = 0.82, CI: 0.43-1.21; eyes closed: g = 0.57, CI: 0.14-0.99) and anterior-posterior sway (eyes open: g = 0.55, CI: 0.01-1.10; eyes closed: g = 0.44, CI: 0.02-0.86). No effects on habitual gait speed were found in the meta-analysis (g = -0.19, CI: -0.68 to 0.29). Two RCTs reported significant improvements for selected gait variables including single support time, and fast gait speed. One study identified effects on proactive balance (Alternate Step Test), but no effects were found for the Timed Up and Go test and the Berg Balance Scale. Two studies reported positive results on feasibility and usability. Only one study was performed in an unsupervised setting. Conclusion: This review provides evidence for a positive effect of WS training on static steady-state balance in studies with usual care controls and studies with conventional balance training controls. Specific gait parameters and proactive balance measures may also be improved by WS training, yet limited evidence is available. Heterogeneous training paradigms, small sample sizes, and short intervention durations limit the validity of our findings. Larger studies are required for estimating the true potential of WS technology. (c) 2017 S. Karger AG, Basel
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, not an original research study. Additionally, while it does discuss the use of wearable sensors for balance and gait training in various populations, including older adults, it does not specifically focus on exergames. The interventions described involve wearable sensor-based training, which is different from exergames. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Goumopoulos, C., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Feasibility and Acceptance of Augmented and Virtual Reality Exergames to Train Motor and Cognitive Skills of Elderly.
[Journal]  COMPUTERS 12(3).
[Abstract] The GAME2AWE platform aims to provide a versatile tool for elderly fall prevention through exergames that integrate exercises, and simulate real-world environments and situations to train balance and reaction time using augmented and virtual reality technologies. In order to lay out the research area of interest, a review of the literature on systems that provide exergames for the elderly utilizing such technologies was conducted. The proposed use of augmented reality exergames on mobile devices as a complement to the traditional Kinect-based approach is a method that has been examined in the past with younger individuals in the context of physical activity interventions, but has not been studied adequately as an exergame tool for the elderly. An evaluation study was conducted with seniors, using multiple measuring scales to assess aspects such as usability, tolerability, applicability, and technology acceptance. In particular, the Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology (UTAUT) model was used to assess acceptance and identify factors that influence the seniors' intentions to use the game platform in the long term, while the correlation between UTAUT factors was also investigated. The results indicate a positive assessment of the above user experience aspects leveraging on both qualitative and quantitative collected data.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the feasibility and acceptance of using augmented and virtual reality exergames for training motor and cognitive skills in the elderly. While it does involve exergames and older people, it is primarily a feasibility and acceptance study rather than a randomized controlled trial (RCT) reporting results on the effectiveness of exergames in preventing falls. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria specified.

[Author]   Gourab, G., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    The willingness to receive sexually transmitted infection services from public healthcare facilities among key populations at risk for human immunodeficiency virus infection in Bangladesh: A qualitative study.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 14(9).
[Abstract] BackgroundIn Bangladesh, community-based and peer-led prevention interventions for human immunodeficiency virus infection are provided to key populations (KPs) by drop-in centers (DICs), which are primarily supported by external donors. This intervention approach was adopted because public healthcare facilities were reportedly insensitive to the needs and culture of KPs, particularly with regard to the provision of sexually transmitted infection (STI) services. Nonetheless, in the absence of external funding, STI services need to be integrated into public healthcare systems.MethodsA qualitative study was conducted in 2017 to understand the willingness of KPs to uptake the STI services of public healthcare facilities. Data were collected based on 34 in-depth interviews, 11 focus group discussions, and 9 key informant interviews. The social-ecological theoretical framework was used to analyze the data thematically and contextually.ResultsMost participants were either resistant or reluctant to uptake STI services from public healthcare facilities because of their previous firsthand experiences (e.g., disrespectful and judgmental attitudes and behaviors), perceived discrimination, anticipatory fear, and a lack of privacy. Very few participants who had visited these facilities to receive STI services were motivated to revisit them. Nevertheless, they emphasized their comfort in DICs over public healthcare facilities. Thus, it appears that KPs can be situated along a care-seeking continuum (i.e., resistance to complete willingness). Unless policymakers understand the context and reasons that underlie their movement along this continuum, it would be difficult to encourage KPs to access STI services from public healthcare facilities.ConclusionKPs' willingness to uptake the STI services of public healthcare facilities depends not only on individual and community experiences but also on the nexus between socio-structural factors and health inequalities. Community mobilization and training about the needs and culture of KPs for healthcare professionals are essential. Therefore, addressal of a wide range of structural factors is required to motivate KPs into seeking STI services from public healthcare facilities.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the willingness of key populations at risk for HIV infection to receive sexually transmitted infection services from public healthcare facilities in Bangladesh. It does not meet any of the criteria specified for the use of exergames in fall prevention among older people.

[Author]   Graham, F., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    The role of experiential knowledge in hospital nurses' management of pain-related agitation in people with dementia: An expert performance simulation study.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF NURSING STUDIES 127.
[Abstract] Background: Pain-related agitation in hospital patients with dementia presents a diagnostic challenge as patients often cannot explain their agitation. Generally, a deductive process is required of staff, culmi-nating in an analgesic trial. However, evidence suggests the deductions of hospital nurses may be flawed because they may not associate agitation in dementia with painful conditions, thereby missing key clin-ical cues. While analytical rule-based deduction applies explicit formal knowledge, cognitive scientists argue that tacit experiential knowledge, i.e., the unconscious classification of available cues, is equally important and is always involved.Aim: To identify the cognitive characteristics unique to nurses who accurately recognise pain-related agi-tation in a patient with dementia compared with nurses who do not.Methods: In this descriptive multivariate study, registered acute-care nurses undertook an original com-puterised virtual simulation requiring them to identify and manage pain-related agitation in a standard -ised patient with dementia. Process tracing methods captured nurses' simulation performances alongside their retrospective accounts of thinking. These were correlated with demographic characteristics related to seniority, workplace, training, experience and knowledge captured on a questionnaire. Dual processing theory enabled interpretation of intuitive and analytical cognitive processes.Findings: Registered medical and surgical nurses ( N = 274) participated from 10 hospitals. Although for-mal knowledge about pain in dementia was high (88%), only 13(4.7%) nurses identified pain-related agi-tation from an injury. These individuals took the longest and used the most cues, undertaking a detailed deductive search. Their recognition of pain-related cues demonstrated accurate experiential knowledge while another 16 nurses identified a fracture without linking the injury to agitation. Over three quarters (78%) of nurses decided on initial antipsychotic treatment. They were quick to decide, using the fewest cues, suggesting agitation was recognised as typical and familiar, with the solution well-known (albeit ineffective). Independent of other variables, nurses working in dementia-specific units, surgical units or with more seniority had increased odds of recognising pain, revealing the influence of workplace experi-ence. However, most surgical and dementia-unit nurses did not recognise pain.Conclusions: Hospital nurses have difficulty recognising when agitation in a patient with dementia is caused by pain. High formal knowledge about pain in dementia may not be sufficient to enable clini-cal recognition of pain in patients. Instead, nurses with experience in specific workplaces or senior roles may be better equipped to recognise pain-related agitation and deploy evidence-based approaches for agitation in a patient with dementia. Overall, these results lend support to the influence of experiential knowledge on performance.Tweetable abstract: In a virtual simulation, registered nurses with high formal knowledge about pain in dementia lacked the experience required to recognise pain-related agitation in a patient with dementia (c) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the role of experiential knowledge in hospital nurses' management of pain-related agitation in people with dementia, using a computerized virtual simulation. It does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people with exergames or reporting results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Grainger, L., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Simulation-based training to teach nurses skills in falls assessment and prevention.
[Journal]  Nursing older people.
[Abstract] A simulation-based training course was designed to support the development of nurses' skills in falls assessment and prevention. National guidance on falls risk assessment and prevention was used to develop the course content. The course enabled participants to practise real-life scenarios in a safe environment, reflect on their performance and receive feedback from their peers. The post-course evaluations showed positive feedback with all the nurses reporting benefit from this style of learning. They all thought their participation would have a significant effect on their clinical practice and aid their ability to care for patients who had fallen. On an organisational level, the trust has seen an 11% reduction in the number of falls since the training was introduced in 2016.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a simulation-based training course designed to teach nurses skills in falls assessment and prevention. While it does involve an intervention related to fall prevention, the targets of the intervention are nurses, not older people. Additionally, the intervention is a simulation-based training, which does not meet the criteria for being an exergame. Therefore, this paper does not fit the criteria for using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Greco, G., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of a 5-week virtual reality versus traditional training on balance and flexibility in healthy adult females.
[Journal]  SPORT SCIENCES FOR HEALTH.
[Abstract] Purpose This study aimed to investigate the effectiveness of a 5-week virtual reality training protocol on static and dynamic balance and flexibility compared to a traditional training protocol in healthy adult females. Methods Twenty-one healthy female adults (age, 49.81 +/- 2.99 years) were randomly assigned into three groups: Virtual Reality (VR; n = 7) that performed a 5-week exergame training protocol; Traditional Training (TR; n = 7) that performed a specific training protocol on balance, and lower limbs and abdominal strength; and waitlist control group (CG; n = 7) that continued their daily activities without any type of structured physical activity. Static balance was assessed by the ellipse area and statokinesigram parameters (Romberg test, in the open-eye (OE) and closed-eye (CE)), dynamic balance by the star excursion balance test on the right and left leg, and flexibility by the sit and reach test. Results After the intervention, VR and TR groups showed a significant improvement in static and dynamic balance and flexibility (all p < 0.001) compared to the CG. Compared to TR, the VR training protocol showed greater effect sizes and was more effective in percentage terms on all measured variables, particularly for Sit and Reach (82% vs. 35%), except the OE Area (42% vs. 49%). Conclusions Findings suggest that both a 5-week VR training protocol and a 5-week TR protocol may significantly improve static and dynamic balance and flexibility in healthy female adults. The VR training protocol showed a greater effect size compared to the TR training protocol, although it was not statistically significant. Future randomized controlled studies with a larger sample size and longer training protocols are needed to confirm this finding.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Specifically, the intervention targets healthy adult females with an average age of 49.81 years, which is not considered "elderly." Additionally, while the study does involve a virtual reality (VR) training protocol, the primary focus is on balance and flexibility, and there is no explicit mention of fall prevention.

[Author]   Greif, R., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Reducing Eating Disorder Risk Factors: A Pilot Effectiveness Trial of a Train-the-Trainer Approach to Dissemination and Implementation.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF EATING DISORDERS 48(8): 1122-1131.
[Abstract] Objective: Impediments limit dissemination and implementation of evidence-based interventions (EBIs), including lack of sufficient training. One strategy to increase implementation of EBIs is the train-the-trainer (TTT) model. The Body Project is a peer-led body image program that reduces eating disorder (ED) risk factors. This study examined the effectiveness of a TTT model at reducing risk factors in Body Project participants. Specifically, this study examined whether a master trainer could train a novice trainer to train undergraduate peer leaders to administer the Body Project such that individuals who received the Body Project (i.e., participants) would evidence comparable outcomes to previous trials. We hypothesized that participants would evidence reductions in ED risk factors, with effect sizes similar to previous trials.Method: Utilizing a TTT model, a master trainer trained a novice trainer to train undergraduate peer leaders to administer the Body Project to undergraduate women. Undergraduate women aged 18 years or older who received the Body Project intervention participated in the trial and completed measures at baseline, post-treatment, and five-month follow-up. Primary outcomes included body dissatisfaction, thin ideal internalization, negative affect, and ED pathology.Results: Participants demonstrated significant reductions in thin ideal internalization, ED pathology and body dissatisfaction at post-treatment and 5-month follow-up. At 5 months, using three different strategies for managing missing data, effect sizes were larger or comparable to earlier trials for 3 out of 4 variables.Discussion: Results support a TTT model for Body Project implementation and the importance of utilizing sensitivity analyses for longitudinal datasets with missing data. (C) 2015 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the abstract targets eating disorder risk factors and involves a train-the-trainer approach for a body image program called the Body Project. The study does not mention older people, exergames, or fall prevention.

[Author]   Grewal, G. S., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Sensor-Based Interactive Balance Training with Visual Joint Movement Feedback for Improving Postural Stability in Diabetics with Peripheral Neuropathy: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  GERONTOLOGY 61(6): 567-574.
[Abstract] Background: Individuals with diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) have deficits in sensory and motor skills leading to inadequate proprioceptive feedback, impaired postural balance and higher fall risk. Objective: This study investigated the effect of sensor-based interactive balance training on postural stability and daily physical activity in older adults with diabetes. Methods: Thirty-nine older adults with DPN were enrolled (age 63.7 +/- 8.2 years, BMI 30.6 +/- 6, 54% females) and randomized to either an intervention (IG) or a control (CG) group. The IG received sensor-based interactive exercise training tailored for people with diabetes (twice a week for 4 weeks). The exercises focused on shifting weight and crossing virtual obstacles. Body-worn sensors were implemented to acquire kinematic data and provide real-time joint visual feedback during the training. Outcome measurements included changes in center of mass (CoM) sway, ankle and hip joint sway measured during a balance test while the eyes were open and closed at baseline and after the intervention. Daily physical activities were also measured during a 48-hour period at baseline and at follow-up. Analysis of covariance was performed for the post-training outcome comparison. Results: Compared with the CG, the patients in the IG showed a significantly reduced CoM sway (58.31%; p = 0.009), ankle sway (62.7%; p = 0.008) and hip joint sway (72.4%; p = 0.017) during the balance test with open eyes. The ankle sway was also significantly reduced in the IG group (58.8%; p = 0.037) during measurements while the eyes were closed. The number of steps walked showed a substantial but nonsignificant increase (+27.68%; p = 0.064) in the IG following training. Conclusion: The results of this randomized controlled trial demonstrate that people with DPN can significantly improve their postural balance with diabetes-specific, tailored, sensor-based exercise training. The results promote the use of wearable technology in exercise training; however, future studies comparing this technology with commercially available systems are required to evaluate the benefit of interactive visual joint movement feedback. (C) 2015 S. Karger AG, Basel
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of sensor-based interactive balance training with visual joint movement feedback to improve postural stability in older adults with diabetic peripheral neuropathy. While the intervention does target older people and involves an interactive technology, it is not specifically described as an exergame. The focus is on balance training using sensors and real-time visual feedback, rather than a game-based or virtual reality approach. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being an exergame.

[Author]   Grewe, L., et al. (2020).
[Title]    First Person Perspective Video Activity Recognition
[Journal]  SIGNAL PROCESSING, SENSOR/INFORMATION FUSION, AND TARGET RECOGNITION XXIX. 11423.
[Abstract] The initial development of two First-Person Perspective Video Activity Recognition Systems is discussed. The first system, the First Person Fall Detection or UFall, can be used to recognize when a person wearing or holding the mobile vision system has fallen. The problem of fall detection is tackled from the unique first-person perspective. The second system, the directed CrossWalk System (UCross), involves detection of the user movement across a cross-walk and is intended for use in helping a low vision person navigate. In both cases, the user is wearing or holding the camera device for purposes of monitoring or inspection of the environment. This first-person perspective yields unusual fall data and this is captured and used for the creation of a fall detection system. For both systems Machine Learning is employed using video input to trained Long-Term Short-Term (LSTM) Networks. These first-perspective video activity recognition systems use the Tensorflow framework [1] and is deployed using mobile phones for proof of concept. These applications could be useful for low vision people and in the case of fall detection for senior citizens, police, construction and other inspection-oriented jobs to help users who have fallen. The success and challenges faced with this unique first-person perspective data are presented along with future avenues of work.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper discusses the development of two first-person perspective video activity recognition systems, one for fall detection (U Fall) and another for assisting with navigation across crosswalks (UCross). Although the fall detection system could be useful for senior citizens, the primary focus is on the technology and methodology behind these systems. The paper does not describe an intervention using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, nor does it report on a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Grimaldi, N. S., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Safety and accessibility assessment of a kitchen repurposing design: A gait and task efficiency analysis.
[Journal]  Proceedings of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society Annual Meeting: 1756-1760.
[Abstract] As an aging society, it is essential to address the needs of our trending demographic. An expected increase in the number of functional disabilities places many at a potential health and inaccessibility risk in terms of housing. In this study, we proposed and analyzed the related accessibility and safety improvements associated with a repurposed design of a standard kitchen. Virtual reality simulations of a standard and repurposed kitchen are implemented. Participants' gait and task efficiency performance were measured as they perform activities of daily living. Improvements in efficiency, through overall decreases in traversed distance and shorter completion times for sub-tasks, indicate a clear advancement in accessibility. On the other hand, a lack of significant reductions in direct falling risks, through similarities in SPARC and acceleration RMS measurements, might warrant future investigation. Additionally, upper-body and psychometric measures should be taken into account for further investigations to provide a more comprehensive evaluation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the safety and accessibility of a repurposed kitchen design, using virtual reality simulations to assess gait and task efficiency. While it involves older people and uses virtual reality, the primary intervention is not an exergame, and the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Grimes, S. M. M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Rethinking Canada's Approach to Children's Digital Game Regulation.
[Journal]  CANADIAN JOURNAL OF COMMUNICATION 48(1): 142-162.
[Abstract] Background: Connected digital games offer exciting opportunities for children to connect, play, and learn, but first they must navigate industry trends that jeopardize their rights, including invasive data collection and manipulative gambling mechanics.Analysis: A policy analysis reveals that Canada's existing digital game regulation largely relies on a U.S. industry-made classification system and is ill-equipped to address these issues. Comparative analysis shows that despite previous similarities in their approaches to game regulation, Canada has now fallen behind the United Kingdom, where shifting approaches to "age-appropriateness" are producing promising new frameworks for supporting children's rights across the digital environment.Conclusion and implications: This article concludes with a call to action for a rights-based Canadian response to the problematic issues that have emerged within the children's game landscape.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the regulation of digital games for children in Canada, focusing on issues such as data collection and gambling mechanics. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Grohs, M. N., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Unimanual and bimanual motor performance in children with developmental coordination disorder (DCD) provide evidence for underlying motor control deficits.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 11(1).
[Abstract] Much of our understanding of motor control deficits in children with developmental coordination disorder (DCD) comes from upper limb assessments focusing on the dominant limb. Here, using two robotic behavioural tasks, we investigated motor control in both the dominant and non-dominant limbs of children with DCD. Twenty-six children with diagnosed DCD (20 males; mean age 10.6 years +/- 1.3 years) and 155 controls were included in this cross-sectional study. Participants completed a visually guided reaching task with their dominant and non-dominant limbs and a bimanual object hitting task. Motor performance was quantified across nine parameters. We determined the number of children with DCD who fell outside of the typical performance range of the controls on these parameters and compared the DCD and control groups using ANCOVAs, accounting for age. Children with DCD demonstrated impairments in six out of nine parameters; deficits were more commonly noted in the non-dominant limb. Interestingly, when looking at individual performance, several children with DCD performed in the range of controls. These findings indicate that children with DCD display deficits in motor control in both the dominant and non-dominant limb and highlight the importance of including detailed assessments of both limbs when investigating children with DCD. They also demonstrate the variability in motor control performance evidenced by children with DCD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on motor control deficits in children with developmental coordination disorder (DCD) and does not meet any of the specified criteria for the intervention, target population, or study design related to exergames and fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Grosso, A. A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Three-dimensional virtual model for robot-assisted partial nephrectomy: a propensity-score matching analysis with a contemporary control group.
[Journal]  WORLD JOURNAL OF UROLOGY 42(1).
[Abstract] Purpose To compare two cohorts of patients submitted to robot-assisted partial nephrectomy (RAPN) with vs without the use of three-dimensional virtual models (3DVMs).Methods We screened a prospective consecutive cohort of 152 patients submitted to RAPN with 3DVM and 1264 patients submitted to RAPN without 3DVM between 2019 and 2022. Propensity score matching analysis (PSMA) was applied. Primary endpoint was to evaluate whereas RAPNs with 3DVM were superior in terms of functional outcomes at 12-month. Secondary endopoints were to compare perioperative and oncological outcomes. Multivariable logistic regression analyses (MVA) tested the associations of clinically significant eGFR drop and 3DVMs. Subgroups analysis was performed for PAUDA-risk categories.Results 100 patients for each group were analyzed after PSMA. RAPN with 3DVM presented a higher rate of selective/no clamping procedure (32% vs 16%, p = 0.03) and a higher enucleation rate (40% vs 29%, p = 0.04). As concern to primary endopoint, 12-month functional preservation performed better within 3DVM group in terms of creatinine serum level (median 1.2 [IQR 1.1-1.4] vs 1.6 [IQR 1.1-1.8], p = 0.03) and eGFR (median 64.6 [IQR 56.2-74.1] vs 52.3 [IQR 49.2-74.1], p = 0.03). However, this result was confirmed only in the PADUA >= 10 renal masses. Regarding secondary endpoints, no significative difference emerged between the two cohorts. MVA confirmed 3DVM as a protective factor for clinically significant eGFR drop only in high-risk (PADUA >= 10) masses.Conclusions RAPN performed with the use of 3DVM assistance resulted in lower incidence of global ischemia and higher rate of enucleations. The positive impact of such technology was found at 12-month only in high-risk renal masses.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of three-dimensional virtual models (3DVMs) in robot-assisted partial nephrectomy (RAPN) and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are patients undergoing RAPN, and the focus is on surgical outcomes, not on preventing falls in older people. Additionally, the study design is a propensity-score matching analysis, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Grosso, A. A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    3D virtual model for robot-assisted partial nephrectomy in highly-complex cases (PADUA ≥ 10).
[Journal]  UROLOGIA JOURNAL 91(3): 568-573.
[Abstract] Purpose: To compare two cohorts of patients submitted to robot-assisted partial nephrectomy (RAPN) for highly-complex renal masses (PADUA >= 10) with versus without the use of 3DVMs.Materials and Methods: We screened a prospective consecutive cohort of 152 patients submitted to RAPN with 3DVM and 1264 patients submitted to RAPN without 3DVM between 2019 and 2022. Only PADUA >= 10 cases were considered eligible for analysis. Propensity score matching (PSM) analysis was applied. Primary endpoint was to evaluate whereas RAPNs with 3DVM were superior in terms of functional outcomes at 12-month. Secondary outcomes were to compare perioperative and oncological outcomes. Multivariable logistic regression analyses (MVA) tested the associations of clinically significant eGFR drop and 3DVMs. Subgroups analysis was performed for PAUDA-risk categories.Results: Thirty seven patients for each group were analyzed after PSM. RAPN with 3DVM presented a higher rate of selective/no clamping procedure (32.5% vs 16.2%, p = 0.03) and a higher enucleation rate (43.2% vs 29.8%, p = 0.04). Twelve-month functional preservation performed better within 3DVM group in terms of creatinine serum level (median 1.2 [IQR 1.1-1.4] vs 1.6 [IQR 1.1-1.8], p = 0.03) and eGFR (median 64.6 [IQR 56.2-74.1] vs 52.3 [IQR 49.2-74.1], p = 0.03). MVA confirmed 3DVM as a protective factor for clinically significant eGFR drop in this subgroup of patients.Conclusions: RAPN performed with the use of 3DVM assistance for PADUA >= 10 cases resulted in lower incidence of global ischemia and higher rate of enucleations. The positive impact of such technology was found at 12-month follow-up.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of 3D virtual models (3DVM) for robot-assisted partial nephrectomy in highly-complex cases, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on surgical outcomes and is not related to exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Grove, C. R., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Validation of a next-generation sensory organization test in adults with and without vestibular dysfunction.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF VESTIBULAR RESEARCH-EQUILIBRIUM & ORIENTATION 31(1).
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: The traditional Sensory Organization Test (T-SOT) is a gold standard balance test; however, the psychometric properties of assessing sensory organization with a virtual-reality-based posturography device have not been established.OBJECTIVE: Our overall aims were to assess the criterion, concurrent, and convergent validity of a next-generation Sensory Organization Test (NG-SOT).METHODS: Thirty-four adults (17 vestibular-impaired) participated. We compared the area under the curve (AUC) for receiver operator characteristic (ROC) analysis for the T-SOT and NG-SOT composite scores. Between-group and between-test differences for the composite and sensory analysis scores from each SOT were assessed using Wilcoxon Rank Sum tests. Additionally, we ran Spearman correlations between the NG-SOT composite score and outcomes of interest.RESULTS: The AUCs for the NG-SOT and T-SOT were 0.950 (0.883, 1) and 0.990 (0.969, 1) respectively (p = 0.168). The median composite, vision, and visual preference scores were lower on the NG-SOT compared to the T-SOT; whereas, the median somatosensory score was higher on the NG-SOT compared to the T-SOT. Associations between the composite score and patient-reported or performance-based outcomes ranged from poor to strong.CONCLUSIONS: The NG-SOT is a valid measure of balance in adults. However, the results of the NG-SOT and T-SOT should not be used interchangeably.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on validating a next-generation Sensory Organization Test (NG-SOT) for balance assessment in adults, including those with and without vestibular dysfunction. It does not involve an exergame intervention, nor does it target fall prevention specifically.

[Author]   Gu, S., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Detection of sarcopenia using deep learning-based artificial intelligence body part measure system (AIBMS).
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PHYSIOLOGY 14.
[Abstract] Background: Sarcopenia is an aging syndrome that increases the risks of various adverse outcomes, including falls, fractures, physical disability, and death. Sarcopenia can be diagnosed through medical images-based body part analysis, which requires laborious and time-consuming outlining of irregular contours of abdominal body parts. Therefore, it is critical to develop an efficient computational method for automatically segmenting body parts and predicting diseases.Methods: In this study, we designed an Artificial Intelligence Body Part Measure System (AIBMS) based on deep learning to automate body parts segmentation from abdominal CT scans and quantification of body part areas and volumes. The system was developed using three network models, including SEG-NET, U-NET, and Attention U-NET, and trained on abdominal CT plain scan data.Results: This segmentation model was evaluated using multi-device developmental and independent test datasets and demonstrated a high level of accuracy with over 0.9 DSC score in segment body parts. Based on the characteristics of the three network models, we gave recommendations for the appropriate model selection in various clinical scenarios. We constructed a sarcopenia classification model based on cutoff values (Auto SMI model), which demonstrated high accuracy in predicting sarcopenia with an AUC of 0.874. We used Youden index to optimize the Auto SMI model and found a better threshold of 40.69.Conclusion: We developed an AI system to segment body parts in abdominal CT images and constructed a model based on cutoff value to achieve the prediction of sarcopenia with high accuracy.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development of an AI system for detecting sarcopenia using deep learning-based body part measurement from abdominal CT scans. It does not involve exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The focus is on the diagnostic and predictive capabilities of the AI system, rather than on an exergame intervention.

[Author]   Guerra, B. M. V., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Ambient assisted living for frail people through human activity recognition: state-of-the-art, challenges and future directions.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN NEUROSCIENCE 17.
[Abstract] Ambient Assisted Living is a concept that focuses on using technology to support and enhance the quality of life and well-being of frail or elderly individuals in both indoor and outdoor environments. It aims at empowering individuals to maintain their independence and autonomy while ensuring their safety and providing assistance when needed. Human Activity Recognition is widely regarded as the most popular methodology within the field of Ambient Assisted Living. Human Activity Recognition involves automatically detecting and classifying the activities performed by individuals using sensor-based systems. Researchers have employed various methodologies, utilizing wearable and/or non-wearable sensors, and employing algorithms ranging from simple threshold-based techniques to more advanced deep learning approaches. In this review, literature from the past decade is critically examined, specifically exploring the technological aspects of Human Activity Recognition in Ambient Assisted Living. An exhaustive analysis of the methodologies adopted, highlighting their strengths and weaknesses is provided. Finally, challenges encountered in the field of Human Activity Recognition for Ambient Assisted Living are thoroughly discussed. These challenges encompass issues related to data collection, model training, real-time performance, generalizability, and user acceptance. Miniaturization, unobtrusiveness, energy harvesting and communication efficiency will be the crucial factors for new wearable solutions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a review focusing on the use of Human Activity Recognition (HAR) within Ambient Assisted Living (AAL) for frail or elderly individuals. It does not specifically discuss the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly, nor does it report results from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it provides a state-of-the-art analysis, challenges, and future directions related to HAR technologies in AAL.

[Author]   Gui, C., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Quantifying fear of falling by utilizing objective body sway measures: A 360° virtual video study.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 93: 160-165.
[Abstract] Background: Fear of falling (FOF) is a psychological condition that can lead to increased morbidity and mortality in the elderly population. However, the subjective and multidimensional nature of FOF results in limitations of existing FOF measurement tools, which could influence the generalization of the findings from various studies. An objective measure of FOF could address those limitations. The present study aimed to identify the feasibility of using center of pressure (COP) parameters to quantify FOF.Research question: (1) Are 360 degrees roller coaster videos effective to induce FOF? And (2) Which COP parameter(s) is/are feasible to quantify FOF?Methods: Nineteen young, healthy adults (24 +/- 2.47 years) were recruited in the present study. Subjects were required to watch three 360 degrees videos: one control video and two roller coaster videos, through virtual reality goggles during standing and sitting. Six trials (3 during standing and 3 during sitting) with video were performed. Subjects were required to rate their FOF on a visual analogue scale after watching each video. COP mean power frequency, COP root mean square, and COP range were measured. The Friedman test was used to assess differences in COP parameters under different video conditions, and Spearman's correlation analysis was used to assess the relationship between FOF and COP parameters.Results: Similar COP changes were observed in sitting and standing conditions. With increased FOF, participants demonstrated decreased COP mean power frequency and increased COP root mean square in the medial-lateral direction during both sitting and standing.Significance: Our study provided evidence that 360 degrees roller coaster videos are effective tools to induce FOF and change in COP parameters. The relationship between FOF and COP parameters suggests that the measurement of body sway may be an objective way to quantify FOF. More research are needed to solidify the evidence.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using 360° virtual videos to induce fear of falling (FOF) and to quantify FOF using center of pressure (COP) parameters. The participants are young, healthy adults, and the intervention does not involve an exergame designed to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Guimaraes, C., et al. (2015).
[Title]    3D virtual environment system applied to aging study - Biomechanical and anthropometric approach
[Journal]  6TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON APPLIED HUMAN FACTORS AND ERGONOMICS (AHFE 2015) AND THE AFFILIATED CONFERENCES, AHFE 2015. 3: 5551-5556.
[Abstract] The percentage of people over 60 years increased from 8.6% in 2000 to 10.8% at Brazilian population in 2010. In 78 cities of Brazil this portion of citizens already represents 20% of the total population. In this context, fall is one of the most serious problem of aging process, and it is being recognized as an important public health issue because it is considered a major source cause of disability to older adults. This is a matter of concerning to older people because can lead to physical handicap and loss of independence. The purpose of this paper is to present a 3D digital interactive environment to work with 3D digital human models applied to aging study. The 3D interactive platform framework involved: first step - scanning older adults and caregivers at a 3D Whole Body scanner and captured caregivers motions using 17 inertial sensors from XSENS Technology; second step-3D modeling and simulation - scans and motion data are incorporated to virtual environment; third step - study reports and e-book. The conclusion are: the simulation will assure more democratic visualization and improve available information for the stakeholders involved, as designers, architects, health personnel's in the benefit of senior population, the 1D and 3D anthropometric measurements database of the caregivers and old adults will be a tool that can help designers and health cares in the future to improve design and care services for senior people in order to improve safety and quality of life. The 3D digital interactive environment is still under development. Also this system could be used to interact with the caregivers as a game to training in order to improve the daily care services tasks. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the development of a 3D digital interactive environment for aging studies, which includes 3D scanning and motion capture of older adults and caregivers. The primary focus is on creating a database of anthropometric measurements and improving design and care services for the elderly. While the system could potentially be used for training caregivers through a game-like interaction, it does not specifically mention the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Additionally, the paper does not report results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Guimaraes, V., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    An Exergame Solution for Personalized Multicomponent Training in Older Adults.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 11(17).
[Abstract] In addition to contributing to increased training motivation, exergames are a promising approach to counteract age-related impairments. Mobility limitations, cognitive impairment, and urinary incontinence are very common in older adults. To optimally address these conditions, exergames should include interventions for strength, balance, cognition, and pelvic floor muscle training. In this study, we develop a personalized multicomponent exergame solution for the geriatric rehabilitation of age-related impairments. The exergame can provide interventions for balance, strength, cognition, and urinary incontinence in one single session, accommodating the needs of older adults with multiple disabilities. For its development, we involved a multidisciplinary team that helped us to specify the structure and contents of the exergame considering training requirements, game design principles, and end-user characteristics. In addition to allowing the customization of the training components, the exergame includes automatic adaptation of difficulty/load, in line with player progress over time. The game mechanics ensures the fulfilment of training needs as defined by the therapist. The exergame is cross-platform compatible (web-based) and includes novel means of interaction with wearable sensors.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract describes the development of a personalized multicomponent exergame solution for older adults, which includes interventions for balance, strength, cognition, and urinary incontinence. However, it does not mention that the study involves a randomized controlled trial (RCT) or reports results from such a trial. The focus is on the design and features of the exergame rather than its efficacy in preventing falls as tested in an RCT. Therefore, based on the given criteria, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Gumaa, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Validity and Reliability of Interactive Virtual Reality in Assessing the Musculoskeletal System: a Systematic Review.
[Journal]  CURRENT REVIEWS IN MUSCULOSKELETAL MEDICINE 14(2): 130-144.
[Abstract] Purpose of Review Assessment of the musculoskeletal system requires consideration of its integrated function with the nervous system. This may be assisted by using valid and reliable methods that simulate real-life situations. Interactive virtual reality (VR) technology may introduce various auditory and visual inputs that mimic real-life scenarios. However, evidence supporting the quality and strength of evidence regarding the adequacy of its psychometric properties in assessing the musculoskeletal function has not been evaluated yet. Therefore, this study reviewed the validity and reliability of VR games and real-time feedback in assessing the musculoskeletal system. Recent Findings Nine studies were included in quality assessment. Based on outcome measures, studies were categorized into range of motion (ROM), balance, reaction time, and cervical motion velocity and accuracy. The majority of the studies were of moderate quality and provided evidence of VR adequate concurrent and, in some cases, known-groups validity. Also, VR showed high intra-rater reliability for most of the measured outcomes. Based on the included studies, there is a limited promising evidence that interactive VR using games or real-time feedback is highly valid and reliable in assessing ROM in asymptomatic participants and patients with chronic neck pain and radial fracture. For the remaining outcomes, evidence is limited to draw a robust conclusion. Future studies are recommended to test VR psychometric properties in different patients' population using a rigor research methodology.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that focuses on the validity and reliability of interactive virtual reality (VR) in assessing the musculoskeletal system. It does not specifically target older people, nor does it discuss the use of exergames to prevent falls. Additionally, the paper does not report results from randomized controlled trials; instead, it evaluates the quality and strength of evidence from other studies. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Guo, C. X., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Binocular treatment of amblyopia using videogames (BRAVO): study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
[Journal]  TRIALS 17.
[Abstract] Background: Amblyopia is a common neurodevelopmental disorder of vision that is characterised by visual impairment in one eye and compromised binocular visual function. Existing evidence-based treatments for children include patching the nonamblyopic eye to encourage use of the amblyopic eye. Currently there are no widely accepted treatments available for adults with amblyopia. The aim of this trial is to assess the efficacy of a new binocular, videogame-based treatment for amblyopia in older children and adults. We hypothesise that binocular treatment will significantly improve amblyopic eye visual acuity relative to placebo treatment.Methods/design: The BRAVO study is a double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled multicentre trial to assess the effectiveness of a novel videogame-based binocular treatment for amblyopia. One hundred and eight participants aged 7 years or older with anisometropic and/or strabismic amblyopia (defined as >= 0.2 LogMAR interocular visual acuity difference, >= 0.3 LogMAR amblyopic eye visual acuity and no ocular disease) will be recruited via ophthalmologists, optometrists, clinical record searches and public advertisements at five sites in New Zealand, Canada, Hong Kong and Australia. Eligible participants will be randomised by computer in a 1: 1 ratio, with stratification by age group: 7-12, 13-17 and 18 years and older. Participants will be randomised to receive 6 weeks of active or placebo home-based binocular treatment. Treatment will be in the form of a modified interactive falling-blocks game, implemented on a 5th generation iPod touch device viewed through red/green anaglyphic glasses. Participants and those assessing outcomes will be blinded to group assignment. The primary outcome is the change in best-corrected distance visual acuity in the amblyopic eye from baseline to 6 weeks post randomisation. Secondary outcomes include distance and near visual acuity, stereopsis, interocular suppression, angle of strabismus (where applicable) measured at baseline, 3, 6, 12 and 24 weeks post randomisation. Treatment compliance and acceptability will also be assessed along with quality of life for adult participants.Discussion: The BRAVO study is the first randomised controlled trial of a home-based videogame treatment for older children and adults with amblyopia. The results will indicate whether a binocular approach to amblyopia treatment conducted at home is effective for patients aged 7 years or older.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a videogame-based treatment for amblyopia in older children and adults. While it involves a video game, the target population and the primary outcome (improving visual acuity in amblyopia) do not align with the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention is focused on a specific visual disorder rather than fall prevention.

[Author]   Guo, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Development and validation of machine learning models to predict perioperative transfusion risk for hip fractures in the elderly.
[Journal]  ANNALS OF MEDICINE 56(1).
[Abstract] BackgroundPatients with hip fractures frequently need to receive perioperative transfusions of concentrated red blood cells due to preoperative anemia or surgical blood loss. However, the use of perioperative blood products increases the risk of adverse events, and the shortage of blood products is prompting us to minimize blood transfusion. Our study aimed to construct a machine learning algorithm predictive model to identify patients at high risk for perioperative transfusion early in hospital admission and to manage their patient blood to reduce transfusion requirements.MethodsThis study collected patients hospitalized for hip fractures at a university hospital from May 2016 to November 2022. All patients included in the analysis were randomly divided into a training set and validation set according to 70:30. Eight machine learning algorithms, CART, GBM, KNN, LR, NNet, RF, SVM, and XGBoost, were used to construct the prediction models. The models were evaluated for discrimination, calibration, and clinical utility, and the best prediction model was selected.ResultsA total of 805 patients were included in the study, of whom 306 received transfusions during the perioperative period. We screened eight features used to construct the prediction model: age, fracture time, fracture type, hemoglobin, albumin, creatinine, calcium ion, and activated partial thromboplastin time. After evaluating and comparing the performance of each of the eight models, the model constructed by the XGBoost algorithm had the best performance, with MCC values of 0.828 and 0.939 in the training and validation sets, respectively. In addition, it had good calibration and clinical utility in both the training and validation sets.ConclusionThe model constructed by the XGBoost algorithm has the best performance, using this model to identify patients at high risk for transfusion early in their admission and promptly incorporating them into a patient blood management plan can help reduce the risk of transfusion.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on developing and validating machine learning models to predict perioperative transfusion risk for hip fractures in the elderly. It does not mention any exergames or interventions related to fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Guo, L. L., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Evaluation of domain generalization and adaptation on improving model robustness to temporal dataset shift in clinical medicine.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 12(1).
[Abstract] Temporal dataset shift associated with changes in healthcare over time is a barrier to deploying machine learning-based clinical decision support systems. Algorithms that learn robust models by estimating invariant properties across time periods for domain generalization (DG) and unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) might be suitable to proactively mitigate dataset shift. The objective was to characterize the impact of temporal dataset shift on clinical prediction models and benchmark DG and UDA algorithms on improving model robustness. In this cohort study, intensive care unit patients from the MIMIC-IV database were categorized by year groups (2008-2010, 2011-2013, 2014-2016 and 2017-2019). Tasks were predicting mortality, long length of stay, sepsis and invasive ventilation. Feedforward neural networks were used as prediction models. The baseline experiment trained models using empirical risk minimization (ERM) on 2008-2010 (ERM[08-10]) and evaluated them on subsequent year groups. DG experiment trained models using algorithms that estimated invariant properties using 2008-2016 and evaluated them on 2017-2019. UDA experiment leveraged unlabelled samples from 2017 to 2019 for unsupervised distribution matching. DG and UDA models were compared to ERM[08-16] models trained using 2008-2016. Main performance measures were area-under-the-receiver-operating-characteristic curve (AUROC), area-under-the-precision-recall curve and absolute calibration error. Threshold-based metrics including false-positives and false-negatives were used to assess the clinical impact of temporal dataset shift and its mitigation strategies. In the baseline experiments, dataset shift was most evident for sepsis prediction (maximum AUROC drop, 0.090; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.080-0.101). Considering a scenario of 100 consecutively admitted patients showed that ERM[08-10] applied to 2017-2019 was associated with one additional false-negative among 11 patients with sepsis, when compared to the model applied to 2008-2010. When compared with ERM[08-16], DG and UDA experiments failed to produce more robust models (range of AUROC difference, - 0.003 to 0.050). In conclusion, DG and UDA failed to produce more robust models compared to ERM in the setting of temporal dataset shift. Alternate approaches are required to preserve model performance over time in clinical medicine.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about evaluating domain generalization and adaptation techniques to improve the robustness of machine learning models in clinical medicine, specifically in the context of temporal dataset shift. It does not discuss the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Guo, Z., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Correlation enhanced distribution adaptation for prediction of fall risk.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 14(1).
[Abstract] With technological advancements in diagnostic imaging, smart sensing, and wearables, a multitude of heterogeneous sources or modalities are available to proactively monitor the health of the elderly. Due to the increasing risks of falls among older adults, an early diagnosis tool is crucial to prevent future falls. However, during the early stage of diagnosis, there is often limited or no labeled data (expert-confirmed diagnostic information) available in the target domain (new cohort) to determine the proper treatment for older adults. Instead, there are multiple related but non-identical domain data with labels from the existing cohort or different institutions. Integrating different data sources with labeled and unlabeled samples to predict a patient's condition poses a significant challenge. Traditional machine learning models assume that data for new patients follow a similar distribution. If the data does not satisfy this assumption, the trained models do not achieve the expected accuracy, leading to potential misdiagnosing risks. To address this issue, we utilize domain adaptation (DA) techniques, which employ labeled data from one or more related source domains. These DA techniques promise to tackle discrepancies in multiple data sources and achieve a robust diagnosis for new patients. In our research, we have developed an unsupervised DA model to align two domains by creating a domain-invariant feature representation. Subsequently, we have built a robust fall-risk prediction model based on these new feature representations. The results from simulation studies and real-world applications demonstrate that our proposed approach outperforms existing models.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on developing a domain adaptation model for predicting fall risk in the elderly using heterogeneous data sources. While it targets older people and is related to fall prevention, it does not involve an exergame intervention. The study is centered on machine learning and domain adaptation techniques rather than an exergame-based intervention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Gustafsson, A., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Hip-fracture osteosynthesis training: exploring learning curves and setting proficiency standards.
[Journal]  ACTA ORTHOPAEDICA 90(4): 348-353.
[Abstract] Background and purpose - Orthopedic surgeons must be able to perform internal fixation of proximal femoral fractures early in their career, but inexperienced trainees prolong surgery and cause increased reoperation rates. Simulation-based virtual reality (VR) training has been proposed to overcome the initial steep part of the learning curve but it is unknown how much simulation training is necessary before trainees can progress to supervised surgery on patients. We determined characteristics of learning curves for novices and experts and a pass/fail mastery-learning standard for junior trainees was established. Methods - 38 first-year residents and 8 consultants specialized in orthopedic trauma surgery performed cannulated screws, Hansson pins, and sliding hip screw on the Swemac TraumaVision VR simulator. A previously validated test was used. The participants repeated the procedures until they reached their learning plateau. Results - The novices and the experts reached their learning plateau after an average of 169 minutes (95% CI 152-87) and 143 minutes (CI 109-177), respectively. Highest achieved scores were 92% (CI 91-93) for novices and 96% (CI 94-97) for experts. Plateau score, defined as the average of the 4 last scores, was 85% (CI 82-87) and 92% (CI 89-96) for the novices and the experts, respectively. Interpretation - Training time to reach plateau varied widely and it is paramount that simulation-based training continues to a predefined standard instead of ending after a fixed number of attempts or amount of time. A score of 92% comparable to the experts' plateau score could be used as a mastery learning pass/fail standard.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) simulation for training orthopedic surgeons in performing internal fixation of proximal femoral fractures. The target group is first-year residents and consultants, not older people. Additionally, the focus is on surgical training, not on preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Gustavson, A. M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Implementation of a rehabilitation model in a Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE): Preliminary data.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN GERIATRICS SOCIETY 70(3): 880-890.
[Abstract] Background Nursing home eligible participants in the Program of All-inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) are at high risk for falls. Physical function is a modifiable predictor of falls and an important target for prevention. We engaged a PACE site to explore feasibility of implementing progressive intensive rehabilitation to improve physical function and preliminary patient-level improvements. Methods The research involved a mixed-methods, pre-post implementation study with longitudinal patient follow-up at one Denver PACE site. Older adults at risk for institutionalization (N = 28) took part in Screening and high-intensity interventions to Improve Falls risk and Transform expectations in age and aging (SHIFT) rehabilitation program over six weeks. Outcomes included the short physical performance battery (SPPB); 4-meter gait speed at baseline, discharge, and 6 and 12 months postdischarge from SHIFT. A focus group with staff explored facilitators and barriers to program implementation in the PACE setting and with complex patients and perceived effectiveness. Results The rehabilitation team demonstrated high treatment fidelity to SHIFT (>80%). No treatment-specific adverse events were reported. SPPB scores and gait speeds improved significantly over time (p < 0.005). The average SPPB score at evaluation was 4.6 +/- 0.24 compared to 7.7 +/- 0.38 points at discharge. The average gait speed at evaluation was 0.58 +/- 0.03 meters/second (m/s) compared to 0.79 +/- 0.04 m/s at discharge. Common barriers to program completion included changes in health status and environmental factors (e.g., transportation). Conclusions Rehabilitation therapists incorporated a high-intensity resistance training program into routine care of complex older adults in PACE and improved pre-post physical function to levels above independence thresholds (SPPB >= 6; gait speed >= 0.65 m/s). Our pilot implementation study informed refinement of eligibility criteria, number of visits, and strategies to address long-term adherence to enhance scalability and optimize impact.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a rehabilitation program (SHIFT) aimed at improving physical function and reducing fall risk in older adults within the Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE). However, the intervention does not specifically involve exergames. The intervention is described as a high-intensity resistance training program, which does not meet the criteria for being an exergame. Therefore, the paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Guure, C. B., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Joint modelling of longitudinal 3MS scores and the risk of mortality among cognitively impaired individuals.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 12(8).
[Abstract] BackgroundModified Mini-Mental State Examination (3MS) is an instrument administered by trained personnel to examine levels of participants' cognitive function. However, the association between changes in scores over time and the risk of death (mortality) is not known. The aims of this study are to examine the association between 3MS scores and mortality via cognitive impairment among older women and to determine individuals' risk of changes in scores to better predict their survival and mortality rates.MethodsWe propose a Bayesian joint modelling approach to determine mortality due to cognitive impairment via repeated measures of 3MS scores trajectories over a 21-year follow-up period. Data for this study are taken from the Osteoporotic Fracture longitudinal study among women aged 65+ which started in 1986-88.ResultsThe standard relative risk model from the analyses with a baseline 3MS score after adjusting for all the significant covariates demonstrates that, every unit decrease in a 3MS score corresponds to a non-significant 1.059 increase risk of mortality with a 95% CI of (0.981, 1.143), while the extended model results in a significant 0.09% increased risk in mortality. The joint modelling approach found a strong association between the 3MS scores and the risk of mortality, such that, every unit decrease in 3MS scores results in a 1.135 (13%) increased risk of death via cognitive impairment with a 95% CI of (1.056, 1.215).ConclusionIt has been demonstrated that a decrease in 3MS results has a significant increase risk of mortality due to cognitive impairment via joint modelling, but insignificant when considered under the standard relative risk approach.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on the association between Modified Mini-Mental State Examination (3MS) scores and the risk of mortality among cognitively impaired older women. It does not discuss the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. The study uses a Bayesian joint modeling approach to analyze the data, but it does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames or any related interventions.

[Author]   Guzman, J. D., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Affordable Human Gait Analysis Using a Virtual Reality-Based Platform.
[Journal]  IEEE REVISTA IBEROAMERICANA DE TECNOLOGIAS DEL APRENDIZAJE-IEEE RITA 15(4): 307-313.
[Abstract] This article presents a low-cost educational platform to teach human gait instability assessment using the Lyapunov exponents. The system consists of a cellphone used to measure the acceleration or angular velocity of human body segments, a head-mounted display device, a second cellphone used to visualize the virtual environment developed in Unity3D, a device used to measure the gait speed, and a MATLAB application for data processing. The proposed platform was tested on ten healthy subjects (33.4 +/- 9.1 years) under three walking conditions: (i) in a real-world environment, (ii) in a virtual corridor, and (iii) by adding optical flow perturbations to the virtual environment. A survey conducted in the elective class Automatic Systems of Analysis and Capture of Human Gait at Universidad del Cauca, showed the usability of the proposed platform.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets healthy subjects (average age 33.4 years), and the focus is on an educational platform for teaching human gait instability assessment rather than a fall prevention intervention for older people. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Haeger, M., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Can Driving-Simulator Training Enhance Visual Attention, Cognition, and Physical Functioning in Older Adults?
[Journal]  Journal of aging research 2018: 7547631-7547631.
[Abstract] Virtual reality offers a good possibility for the implementation of real-life tasks in a laboratory-based training or testing scenario. Thus, a computerized training in a driving simulator offers an ecological valid training approach. Visual attention had an influence on driving performance, so we used the reverse approach to test the influence of a driving training on visual attention and executive functions. Thirty-seven healthy older participants (mean age: 71.46±4.09; gender: 17 men and 20 women) took part in our controlled experimental study. We examined transfer effects from a four-week driving training (three times per week) on visual attention, executive function, and motor skill. Effects were analyzed using an analysis of variance with repeated measurements. Therefore, main factors were group and time to show training-related benefits of our intervention. Results revealed improvements for the intervention group in divided visual attention; however, there were benefits neither in the other cognitive domains nor in the additional motor task. Thus, there are no broad training-induced transfer effects from such an ecologically valid training regime. This lack of findings could be addressed to insufficient training intensities or a participant-induced bias following the cancelled randomization process.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention involves a driving simulator, which is a form of virtual reality, but it is specifically aimed at enhancing visual attention, cognition, and physical functioning. The study does not mention fall prevention as an objective, and the results focus on cognitive and motor skill improvements rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the study design was not a randomized controlled trial due to the cancellation of the randomization process.

[Author]   Hagedoorn, L., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Action observation with motor simulation of reactive stepping: A randomized study in older adults with a history of falls.
[Journal]  EXPERIMENTAL GERONTOLOGY: 112645-112645.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Perturbation-based training improves reactive stepping responses to prevent falling following a loss-of-balance. As there is currently no safe and feasible method for home-based practice, this randomized study investigated whether action observation with motor simulation (AOMS) of balance recovery improves reactive stepping in older adults with a history of falls. Additionally, we evaluated whether effects differ between AOMS of a human actor in the same experimental context or of an avatar in a virtual world.METHODS: Seventy participants with a history of falls (68.3 ± 5.2y/o;52f) were subjected to 20 balance perturbations eliciting backward reactive steps. The AOMS group was tested after simulation of 20 reactive steps demonstrated by either a human actor (HumanAOMS) or a virtual avatar (AvatarAOMS). The control group was tested without prior observation. The primary outcome was reactive step quality, quantified as the leg angle at stepping-foot contact.RESULTS: Differences between groups in the first perturbation trial were not significant. Upon repeated trials, both AOMS groups improved reactive step quality substantially faster than the control group. AOMS participants required on average five repetitions to achieve a reactive step quality that was no longer different from final performance in the last trial, whereas the control group needed ten. Both HumanAOMS and AvatarAOMS yielded similar gains.CONCLUSIONS: The lack of effect in the first trial suggests that AOMS alone may not be sufficient for preventing real-life falls in this population. A next step would be to investigate whether this could be achieved by combining brief real perturbation practice with AOMS.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study involves older adults and a randomized controlled trial, the intervention (action observation with motor simulation, AOMS) is not an exergame. The AOMS method involves observing and simulating reactive stepping, but it does not involve playing virtual reality, video games, or other electronic games. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Hakim, R. M., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Case report: a balance training program using the Nintendo Wii Fit to reduce fall risk in an older adult with bilateral peripheral neuropathy.
[Journal]  PHYSIOTHERAPY THEORY AND PRACTICE 31(2): 130-139.
[Abstract] A recent systematic review supported the use of strength and balance training for older adults at risk for falls, and provided preliminary evidence for those with peripheral neuropathy (PN). However, the role of gaming systems in fall risk reduction was not explored. The purpose of this case report was to describe the use of the Nintendo (R) Wii (TM) Fit gaming system to train standing balance in a community-dwelling older adult with PN and a history of recurrent near falls. A 76-year-old patient with bilateral PN participated in 1 h of Nintendo (R) Wii (TM) Fit balance training, two times a week for 6 weeks. Examination was conducted using a Computerized Dynamic Posturography system (i.e. Sensory Organization Test (SOT), Limits of Stability (LOS), Adaptation Test (ADT) and Motor Control Test (MCT) and clinical testing with the Berg Balance Scale (BBS), Timed Up and Go (TUG), Activities-specific Balance Confidence (ABC) scale and 30-s Chair Stand. Following training, sensory integration scores on the SOT were unchanged. Maximum excursion abilities improved by a range of 37-86% on the LOS test. MCT scores improved for amplitude with forward translations and ADT scores improved for downward platform rotations. Clinical scores improved on the BBS (28/56-34/56), ABC (57.5-70.6%) and TUG (14.9-10.9 s) which indicated reduced fall risk. Balance training with a gaming system showed promise as a feasible, objective and enjoyable method to improve physical performance and reduce fall risk in an individual with PN.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation: While the paper does involve an older adult and uses the Nintendo Wii Fit (which can be considered an exergame) to improve balance and reduce fall risk, it is a case report, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet all the specified criteria.

[Author]   Hall, C. D., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Feasibility of a Low-Cost, Interactive Gaming System to Assess Balance in Older Women.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF AGING AND PHYSICAL ACTIVITY 24(1): 111-118.
[Abstract] The use of low-cost interactive game technology for balance rehabilitation has become more popular recently, with generally good outcomes. Very little research has been undertaken to determine whether this technology is appropriate for balance assessment. The Wii balance board has good reliability and is comparable to a research-grade force plate; however, recent studies examining the relationship between Wii Fit games and measures of balance and mobility demonstrate conflicting findings. This study found that the Wii Fit was feasible for community-dwelling older women to safely use the balance board and quickly learn the Wii Fit games. The Ski Slalom game scores were strongly correlated with several balance and mobility measures, whereas Table Tilt game scores were not. Based on these findings, the Ski Slalom game may have utility in the evaluation of balance problems in community-dwelling older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the feasibility of using a low-cost, interactive gaming system (Wii Fit) for balance assessment in older women. While it does target older people and uses an exergame, the primary aim is to evaluate the utility of the Wii Fit games for balance assessment, not for preventing falls. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial but rather on the feasibility and correlation between game scores and balance measures. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hamar, D. (2015). 
[Title]    Universal Linear Motor Driven Leg Press Dynamometer and Concept of Serial Stretch Loading.
[Journal]  European journal of translational myology 25(4): 215-219.
[Abstract] Paper deals with backgrounds and principles of universal linear motor driven leg press dynamometer and concept of serial stretch loading. The device is based on two computer controlled linear motors mounted to the horizontal rails. As the motors can keep either constant resistance force in selected position or velocity in both directions, the system allows simulation of any mode of muscle contraction. In addition, it also can generate defined serial stretch stimuli in a form of repeated force peaks. This is achieved by short segments of reversed velocity (in concentric phase) or acceleration (in eccentric phase). Such stimuli, generated at the rate of 10 Hz, have proven to be a more efficient means for the improvement of rate of the force development. This capability not only affects performance in many sports, but also plays a substantial role in prevention of falls and their consequences. Universal linear motor driven and computer controlled dynamometer with its unique feature to generate serial stretch stimuli seems to be an efficient and useful tool for enhancing strength training effects on neuromuscular function not only in athletes, but as well as in senior population and rehabilitation patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper discusses a universal linear motor-driven leg press dynamometer and the concept of serial stretch loading. While it mentions that the device can play a role in the prevention of falls and their consequences, the intervention is not an exergame. The focus is on a specialized exercise equipment designed to enhance neuromuscular function, rather than a virtual reality, video game, or electronic game. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hames, T., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Characteristics of transplant athletes competing at national and international transplant games.
[Journal]  BMJ OPEN SPORT & EXERCISE MEDICINE 8(1).
[Abstract] Objective To describe the characteristics of athletes with solid-organ transplants (TxA) attending the British and World Transplant Games. Methods 220 TxA completed an online survey to explore transplant history, medications, training advice and support and limitations to training. Results TxA were predominantly caucasian, male, kidney recipients in their mid-forties and approximately 11 years post-transplant. The majority of TxA took some form of medication (immunosuppressants 88%, steroids 47%, antihypertensives 47%, statins 28%, antiplatelets 26%, antibiotics/antivirals/antifungals 20%). Stem cell recipients were least likely to require medication. Post-transplant complications were experienced by 40% of TxA, with 53% of these being rejection. Although over half the participants (57%) initially received exercise or training advice post-transplant, only 34% of these received this from their consultants or immediate medical team. Only 1% had been specifically directed towards transplant sport. Half of the TxA (53%) perceived there were limitations preventing them from performing at their potential, 45% considered they did not recover from training as well as non-TxA while 29% felt they trained equally to non-Tx's. Only 6% considered medication impaired training. TxA competed for a range of reasons from social and health benefits to winning medals. Conclusions TxA compete at the British and World Transplant Games for a diverse range of reasons. Athletes manage a range of medications with a range of exercise and health experiences pre-transplant. TxA face a lack of both general and specific exercise training and recovery guidance. The individuality of each TxA's background should be considered and is likely reflected in their exercise capacity and goals.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the characteristics of transplant athletes competing at national and international transplant games, including their medical history, medications, and training experiences. It does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Hamm, J., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Fall prevention intervention technologies: A conceptual framework and survey of the state of the art.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL INFORMATICS 59: 319-345.
[Abstract] In recent years, an ever increasing range of technology-based applications have been developed with the goal of assisting in the delivery of more effective and efficient fall prevention interventions. Whilst there have been a number of studies that have surveyed technologies for a particular sub-domain of fall prevention, there is no existing research which surveys the full spectrum of falls prevention interventions and characterises the range of technologies that have augmented this landscape. This study presents a conceptual framework and survey of the state of the art of technology-based fall prevention systems which is derived from a systematic template analysis of studies presented in contemporary research literature. The framework proposes four broad categories of fall prevention intervention system: Pre-fall prevention; Post-fall prevention; Fall injury prevention; Cross-fall prevention. Other categories include, Application type, Technology deployment platform, Information sources, Deployment environment, User interface type, and Collaborative function. After presenting the conceptual framework, a detailed survey of the state of the art is presented as a function of the proposed framework. A number of research challenges emerge as a result of surveying the research literature, which include a need for: new systems that focus on overcoming extrinsic falls risk factors; systems that support the environmental risk assessment process; systems that enable patients and practitioners to develop more collaborative relationships and engage in shared decision making during falls risk assessment and prevention activities. In response to these challenges, recommendations and future research directions are proposed to overcome each respective challenge. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY license.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract indicates that the paper is a survey and conceptual framework of technology-based fall prevention systems, rather than a randomized controlled trial. The paper does not focus specifically on exergames as an intervention, nor does it report results from such a trial. Instead, it categorizes and discusses various types of fall prevention technologies. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hamre, R., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Gaming Behaviors and the Association with Sleep Duration, Social Jetlag, and Difficulties Falling Asleep among Norwegian Adolescents.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 19(3).
[Abstract] The relationship between gaming and sleep is mostly informed by studies of addictive gaming behavior, thus limiting our understanding of sleep in the context of nonproblematic engaged gaming. The present study investigated whether addicted, problem, and engaged gaming behavior was associated with sleep duration, social jetlag, and difficulties falling asleep. The sample consisted of 13- and 16-year-old Norwegian adolescents (n = 3228) participating in the Health Behavior in School-Aged Children (HBSC) survey in 2018. Participants were categorized into addicted, problem, engaged, and normal/non-gaming behavior groups according to which GAS-7 criteria they fulfilled. Robust generalized linear mixed models with a random intercept for class ID were used to examine the association between the sleep variables and gaming behavior. Addicted gaming behavior was unfavorably associated with all sleep parameters. The findings for engaged gaming and problem gaming behavior were somewhat mixed. Engaged gamers slept less on weekends, less on weekdays for those aged 16, and experienced greater social jetlag compared to the normal/non-gaming group. Problem gamers experienced greater social jetlag and had higher odds of experiencing difficulties falling asleep. Overall, the results suggest that all types of gaming behaviors might harm sleep health, but to a greater extent for the addicted gamers.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the relationship between different types of gaming behaviors and sleep patterns in Norwegian adolescents. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any intervention to prevent falls. The study is also not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Han, D., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Retrospective study: risk assessment model for osteoporosis-a detailed exploration involving 4,552 Shanghai dwellers.
[Journal]  PEERJ 11.
[Abstract] Background. Osteoporosis, a prevalent orthopedic issue, significantly influences patients' quality of life and results in considerable financial burden. The objective of this study was to develop and validate a clinical prediction model for osteoporosis risk, utilizing computer algorithms and demographic data. Method. In this research, a total of 4,552 residents from Shanghai were retrospectively included. LASSO regression analysis was executed on the sample's basic characteristics, and logistic regression was employed for analyzing clinical characteristics and building a predictive model. The model's diagnostic capacity for predicting osteoporosis risk was assessed using R software and computer algorithms. Results. The predictive nomogram model for bone loss risk, derived from the LASSO analysis, comprised factors including BMI, TC, TG, HDL, Gender, Age, Education, Income, Sleep, Alcohol Consumption, and Diabetes. The nomogram prediction model demonstrated impressive discriminative capability, with a C-index of 0.908 (training set), 0.908 (validation set), and 0.910 (entire cohort). The area under the ROC curve (AUC) of the model was 0.909 (training set), 0.903 (validation set), and applicable to the entire cohort. The decision curve analysis further corroborated that the model could efficiently predict the risk of bone loss in patients. Conclusion. The nomogram, based on essential demographic and health factors (Body Mass Index, Total Cholesterol, Triglycerides, High-Density Lipoprotein, Gender, Age, Education, Income, Sleep, Alcohol Consumption, and Diabetes), offered accurate predictions for the risk of bone loss within the studied population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and validating a clinical prediction model for osteoporosis risk using demographic and health data. It does not involve an exergame intervention, nor does it target the prevention of falls in the elderly. The study is a retrospective analysis and does not include a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Han, J., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Stratify, Hendrich II fall risk model and Morse fall scale used in predicting the risk of falling for elderly in-patients.
[Journal]  BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH-INDIA 28.
[Abstract] Objective: To explore the sensibility and specificity of StratifyHendrich II Fall Risk Model and Morse Fall Scale in predicting the risk of falling for the elderly in-patients, as well as the correlation among these three rating scales.Methods: Two testers trained applied three rating scales, including Stratify, Hendrich II Fall Risk Model and Morse Fall Scale, to assess the risk of fall for 200 elderly in-patients in our hospital at same time. According to the history of fall in recent one year, these patients were divided into fall group and nonfall group, 100 patients a group. The independent sample t test was used to analyze discriminant validity of Stratify, Hendrich II Fall Risk Model and Morse Fall Scale, and the Spearman rank correlation coefficient was adopted to analyze their correlativity.Results: There was statistical significance in the score differences of the three rating scales for both groups (P<0.05). And the correlativity among the rating scales was 0.680 similar to 0.888.Conclusion: Stratify, Hendrich II Fall Risk Model and Morse Fall Scale have higher sensibility and specificity in predicting the fall risk of patients, and high correlativity, but various emphasis points. Therefore, clinically nurses should adopt them based on the features and requirements of the elderly patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about comparing the effectiveness of different fall risk assessment tools (Stratify, Hendrich II Fall Risk Model, and Morse Fall Scale) in predicting the risk of falls for elderly in-patients. It does not involve any exergames or interventions aimed at preventing falls, nor does it report on a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Han, S. C., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Curriculum Innovations: A Comprehensive Teleneurology Curriculum for Neurology Trainees.
[Journal]  Neurology. Education 2(3): e200084-e200084.
[Abstract] Introduction and Problem Statement: As the role of teleneurology expands, it is important to prepare trainees to perform virtual encounters proficiently.Objectives: We created a comprehensive multimodality teleneurology curriculum for residents to teach key aspects of telehealth encounters including the virtual examination and skill development across several environments.Methods and Curriculum Description: We developed and implemented a teleneurology curriculum focused on teaching the virtual neurologic examination, measuring teleneurology competency, and providing opportunities for trainees to perform telehealth encounters in multiple settings. Residents (N = 22) were first surveyed on what methods would be most helpful to learn teleneurology. Trainees observed a faculty member conducting a teleneurology visit with another faculty member playing a patient. Residents then practiced a teleneurology encounter during a 10-minute objective structured clinical examination (OSCE) at a simulation center. After positive feedback from the fall of 2020, we adapted the OSCE to be completely remote in the spring of 2021 for senior residents. Trainees then performed teleneurology visits during their continuity clinics and subspecialty clinic rotations.Results and Assessment Data: All neurology residents from adult and child neurology and neuropsychiatry programs at New York University Grossman School of Medicine participated in the curriculum. Residents identified a variety of teaching modalities that would help them learn teleneurology: didactics with slides (25%), live demonstration (25%), simulated experience (23%), starting with live patients (23%), and articles/reading material (4%). To date, 68 trainees participated in the OSCE. Trainees who completed on-site and remote simulations reported increased comfort (p < 0.05) and interest in teleneurology (p < 0.05) and requested more access to simulations during training. Sensorimotor assessment and adequate visualization of the affected limb were identified as areas for improvement.Discussion and Lessons Learned: Our multimodal 3-year teleneurology curriculum provides opportunities for residents to learn and apply teleneurology. Survey tools helped strengthen the curriculum to optimize educational potential. We implemented a teleneurology simulation with and without the use of a simulation center. We plan to expand our teleneurology clinical and simulation experiences to trainees based on our data and further developments in teleneurology and to track the progress of teleneurology skills as residents advance through training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and implementing a teleneurology curriculum for neurology trainees, which does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is focused on teaching and training residents in telehealth and virtual examination skills, rather than using exergames as an intervention for fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Han, T., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Development and validation of an artificial intelligence mobile application for predicting 30-day mortality in critically ill patients with orthopaedic trauma.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INFORMATICS 184.
[Abstract] Background: Given the intricate and grave nature of trauma-related injuries in ICU settings, it is imperative to develop and deploy reliable predictive tools that can aid in the early identification of high-risk patients who are at risk of early death. The objective of this study is to create and validate an artificial intelligence (AI) model that can accurately predict early mortality among critical fracture patients. Methods: A total of 2662 critically ill patients with orthopaedic trauma were included from the MIMIC III database. Early mortality was defined as death within 30 days in this study. The patients were randomly divided into a model training cohort and a model validation cohort. Various algorithms, including logistic regression (LR), extreme gradient boosting machine (eXGBM), decision tree (DT), support vector machine (SVM), random forest (RF), and neural network (NN), were employed. Evaluation metrics, including discrimination and calibration, were used to develop a comprehensive scoring system ranging from 0 to 60, with higher scores indicating better prediction performance. Furthermore, external validation was carried out using 131 patients. The optimal model was deployed as an internet-based AI tool. Results: Among all models, the eXGBM demonstrated the highest area under the curve (AUC) value (0.974, 95% CI: 0.959-0.983), followed by the RF model (0.951, 95%CI: 0.935-0.967) and the NN model (0.922, 95%CI: 0.905-0.941). Additionally, the eXGBM model outperformed other models in terms of accuracy (0.915), precision (0.906), recall (0.926), F1 score (0.916), Brier score (0.062), log loss (0.210), and discrimination slope (0.767). Based on the scoring system, the eXGBM model achieved the highest score (53), followed by RF (42) and NN (39). The LR, DT, and SVM models obtained scores of 28, 18, and 32, respectively. Decision curve analysis further confirmed the superior clinical net benefits of the eXGBM model. External validation of the model achieved an AUC value of 0.913 (95%CI: 0.878-0.948). Consequently, the model was deployed on the Internet at https ://30-daymortalityincriticallyillpatients-fnfsynbpbp6rgineaspuim.streamlit.app/, allowing users to input patient features and obtain predicted risks of early mortality among critical fracture patients. Furthermore, the AI model successfully stratified patients into low or high risk of early mortality based on a predefined threshold and provided recommendations for appropriate therapeutic interventions. Conclusion: This study successfully develops and validates an AI model, with the eXGBM algorithm demonstrating the highest predictive performance for early mortality in critical fracture patients. By deploying the model as a web-based AI application, healthcare professionals can easily access the tool, enabling them to predict 30-day
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and validation of an artificial intelligence mobile application for predicting 30-day mortality in critically ill patients with orthopaedic trauma. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Han, T., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Reconstruction of patient-specific confounders in AI-based radiologic image interpretation.
[Journal]  CELL REPORTS MEDICINE 5(9).
[Abstract] Reliably detecting potentially misleading patterns in automated diagnostic assistance systems, such those powered by artificial intelligence (AI), is crucial for instilling user trust and ensuring reliability. Current techniques fall short in visualizing such confounding factors. We propose DiffChest, a self-conditioned sion model trained on 515,704 chest radiographs from 194,956 patients across the US and Europe. DiffChest provides patient-specific explanations and visualizes confounding factors that might mislead the model. high inter-reader agreement, with Fleiss' kappa values of 0.8 or higher, validates its capability to identify treatment-related confounders. Confounders are accurately detected with 10%-100% prevalence The pretraining process optimizes the model for relevant imaging information, resulting in excellent nostic accuracy for 11 chest conditions, including pleural effusion and heart insufficiency. Our findings light the potential of diffusion models in medical image classification, providing insights into confounding factors and enhancing model robustness and reliability.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on a self-conditioned vision model (DiffChest) for detecting and visualizing confounding factors in AI-based radiologic image interpretation, specifically for chest radiographs. It does not meet any of the criteria specified for the use of exergames in fall prevention.

[Author]   Hanes, C. C., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Mapping organic layer thickness and fuel load of the boreal forest in Alberta, Canada.
[Journal]  GEODERMA 417.
[Abstract] Forest organic layers are important soil carbon pools that can, in the absence of disturbance, accumulate to great depths, especially in lowland areas. Across the Canadian boreal forest, fire is the primary disturbance agent, often limiting organic layer accumulation through the direct consumption of these fuels. Organic layer thickness (OLT) and fuel load (OLFL) are common physical attributes used to characterize these layers, especially for wildland fire science. Understanding the drivers and spatial distribution of these attributes is important to improve predictions of fire behaviour, emissions and effects models. We developed maps of OLT and OLFL using machine learning approaches (weighted K-nearest neighbour and random forests) for the forested region of the province of Alberta, Canada (538, 058 km(2)). The random forests approach was found to be the best approach to model the spatial distribution of these forest floor attributes. A databased of 3, 237 OLT and 594 OLFL plots were used to train the models. The error in our final model, particularly for OLT (5 cm), was relatively close to the variability we would expect to find naturally (3 cm). The dominant tree species was the most important covariate in the models. Age, solar radiation, spatial location, climate variables and surficial geology were also important drivers, although their level of importance varied between tree species and depended on the modelling method that was used.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about mapping organic layer thickness and fuel load in the boreal forest of Alberta, Canada. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, methods, and focus of the study are entirely unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Hao, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effects of virtual reality on balance in people with diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF DIABETES AND METABOLIC DISORDERS 23(1): 365-383.
[Abstract] PurposeThis systematic review aims to identify, critically appraise, and synthesize the effects of virtual reality on balance in people with diabetes. MethodsFive biomedical databases were searched from inception to December 15, 2023. Clinical trials investigating the effects of virtual reality on performance-based or patient-reported outcome measures related to balance function among people with diabetes were included. Two independent reviewers conducted study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment. Cochrane risk-of-bias tool-2 were used to assess included studies. Meta-analysis was performed to examine the effects of the intervention. ResultsSix studies with a total of 257 participants were identified. Two studies had high risk of bias, and four studies had some concerns regarding risk of bias. No adverse events related to virtual reality were reported. Meta-analysis revealed significant improvements in the Berg Balance Scale (SMD = 1.56, 95% CI 0.71 to 2.40, p < 0.001), Timed Up and Go test (SMD = -0.74, 95% CI -1.21 to -0.28, p = 0.002), and falls efficacy (SMD = 0.99, 95% CI 0.43 to 1.54, p < 0.001) following virtual reality intervention. No significant differences were found for postural sway and single leg stance measures. ConclusionVirtual reality-based rehabilitation demonstrates promising effects for improving balance in people with diabetes. Further studies with high methodological quality and large sample sizes are warranted.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, the target population is people with diabetes, not specifically older people. Therefore, it does not meet the specified criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hara, M., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Safety and Feasibility of Dual-task Rehabilitation Program for Body Trunk Balance Using Virtual Reality and Three-dimensional Tracking Technologies.
[Journal]  Progress in rehabilitation medicine 3: 20180016-20180016.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE: The ability to walk is one of the most important basic functional activities of daily living, and the number of patients with walking disability who need rehabilitation is increasing worldwide. The purpose of this first-in-man study was to evaluate the safety and feasibility of an off-label, tailor-made, dual-task rehabilitation program for body trunk balance using the mediVR01 system (mediVR, Inc. Osaka, Japan), which incorporates virtual reality (VR) and three-dimensional tracking technologies.METHODS: We prospectively enrolled 31 healthy volunteers to take part in the trial (Trial Registration UMIN000029659). After an assessment of body trunk balance, a tailor-made, dual-task, rehabilitation training program lasting 10-15 min was provided. The primary endpoint was the postprocedural number of simulator sickness questionnaire (SSQ) symptoms. The secondary endpoints were adverse events and satisfaction with the program.RESULTS: The median age of participants was 68 years, with 67.7% being elderly (>65 years) and 54.8% being male. The number of SSQ symptoms immediately after the rehabilitation programs significantly increased from 0 (interquartile range 0-0) to 0 (0-1.5) (P=0.009), with a significant difference between the young and elderly participants (P-interaction<0.001). The most frequent symptom was sweating (22.6%), followed by fatigue (19.4%). All participants successfully completed the rehabilitation programs without significant adverse events such as fall or injuries. Moreover, all participants considered the VR rehabilitation programs to be enjoyable, and 93.5% of participants reported a sense of achievement. Group attendance was associated with higher levels of satisfaction (P=0.049).CONCLUSION: The tailor-made, dual-task rehabilitation training programs for body trunk balance using VR and three-dimensional tracking technologies were safe and feasible even for elderly participants.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the safety and feasibility of a dual-task rehabilitation program using virtual reality (VR) and three-dimensional tracking technologies for body trunk balance. While it includes elderly participants, the primary focus is on evaluating the safety and feasibility of the intervention rather than specifically preventing falls. Additionally, the study does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial but rather a first-in-man study. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Harendza, S., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    ?Fit for the finals?-project report on a telemedical training with simulated patients, peers, and assessors for the licensing exam.
[Journal]  GMS JOURNAL FOR MEDICAL EDUCATION 40(2): 22-22.
[Abstract] Background: Undergraduate medical students take the licensing exam (M3) as a two-day oral-practical examination. The main requirements are to demonstrate history taking skills and coherent case presentations. The aim of this project was to establish a training in which students can test their communication skills during history taking and their clinical reasoning skills in focused case presentations. Methods: In the newly developed training, final-year students took four telemedical histories in the role of physicians from simulated patients (SP). They received further findings for two SPs and presented these in a handover, in which they also received a handover of two SPs which they had not seen themselves. Each student presented one of the two received SPs in a case discussion with a senior physician. Feedback was given to the participants on their communication and interpersonal skills by the SPs with the ComCare questionnaire and on the case presentation by the senior physician. Sixty-two students from the univer-sities of Hamburg and Freiburg in their final year participated in September 2022 and evaluated the training. Results: Participants felt that the training was very appropriate for exam preparation. The SPs' feedback on communication and the senior physician's feedback on clinical reasoning skills received the highest ratings in importance to the students. Participants highly valued the practice opportunity for structured history taking and case presentation and would like to have more such opportunities in the curriculum. Conclusion: Essential elements of the medical licensing exam can be represented, including feedback, in this telemedical training and it can be offered independent of location.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on a telemedical training program for medical students preparing for their licensing exam, which involves simulated patients and feedback on communication and clinical reasoning skills. It does not meet any of the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Harisanty, D., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Cultural heritage preservation in the digital age, harnessing artificial intelligence for the future: a bibliometric analysis.
[Journal]  DIGITAL LIBRARY PERSPECTIVES 40(4): 609-630.
[Abstract] PurposeThis study aims to investigate the performance analysis, science mapping and future direction of artificial intelligence (AI) technology, applications, tools and software used to preserve, curate and predict the historical value of cultural heritage.Design/methodology/approachThis study uses the bibliometric research method and utilizes the Scopus database to gather data. The keywords used are "artificial intelligence" and "cultural heritage," resulting in 718 data sets spanning from 2001 to 2023. The data is restricted to the years 2001-2023, is in English language and encompasses all types of documents, including conference papers, articles, book chapters, lecture notes, reviews and editorials.FindingsThe performance analysis of research on the use of AI to aid in the preservation of cultural heritage has been ongoing since 2001, and research in this area continues to grow. The countries contributing to this research include Italy, China, Greece, Spain and the UK, with Italy being the most prolific in terms of authored works. The research primarily falls under the disciplines of computer science, mathematics, engineering, social sciences and arts and humanities, respectively. Document types mainly consist of articles and proceedings. In the science mapping process, five clusters have been identified. These clusters are labeled according to the contributions of AI tools, software, apps and technology to cultural heritage preservation. The clusters include "conservation assessment," "exhibition and visualization," "software solutions," "virtual exhibition" and "metadata and database." The future direction of research lies in extended reality, which integrates virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR) and mixed reality (MR); virtual restoration and preservation; 3D printing; as well as the utilization of robotics, drones and the Internet of Things (IoT) for mapping, conserving and monitoring historical sites and cultural heritage sites.Practical implicationsThe cultural heritage institution can use this result as a source to develop AI-based strategic planning for curating, preservation, preventing and presenting cultural heritages. Researchers and academicians will get insight and deeper understanding on the research trend and use the interdisciplinary of AI and cultural heritage for expanding collaboration.Social implicationsThis study will help to reveal the trend and evolution of AI and cultural heritage. The finding also will fill the knowledge gap on the research on AI and cultural heritage.Originality/valueSome similar bibliometric studies have been conducted; however, there are still limited studies on contribution of AI to preserve cultural heritage in wider view. The value of this study is the cluster in which AI is used to preserve, curate, present and assess cultural heritages.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of artificial intelligence (AI) for the preservation of cultural heritage. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, methods, and outcomes discussed in the abstract are unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Harris, D. M., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Concurrent exergaming and transcranial direct current stimulation to improve balance in people with Parkinson's disease: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
[Journal]  TRIALS 19.
[Abstract] Background: People with Parkinson's disease (PD) commonly experience postural instability, resulting in poor balance and an increased risk of falls. Exercise-based video gaming (exergaming) is a form of physical training that is delivered through virtual reality technology to facilitate motor learning and is efficacious in improving balance in aged populations. In addition, studies have shown that anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (a-tDCS), when applied to the primary motor cortex, can augment motor learning when combined with physical training. However, no studies have investigated the combined effects of exergaming and tDCS on balance in people with PD.Methods/design: Twenty-four people with mild to moderate PD (Hoehn and Yahr scale score 2-4) will be randomly allocated to receive one of three interventions: (1) exergaming + a-tDCS, (2) exergaming + sham a-tDCS or (3) usual care. Participants in each exergaming group will perform two training sessions per week for 12 weeks. Each exergaming session will consist of a series of static and dynamic balance exercises using a rehabilitation-specific software programme (Jintronix) and 20 minutes of either sham or real a-tDCS (2 mA) delivered concurrently. Participants allocated to usual care will be asked to maintain their normal daily physical activities. All outcome measures will be assessed at baseline and at 6 weeks (mid-intervention), 12 weeks (post-intervention) and 24 weeks (3-month follow-up) after baseline. The primary outcome measure will be the Limits of Stability Test. Secondary outcomes will include measures of static balance, leg strength, functional capacity, cognitive taskrelated cortical activation, corticospinal excitability and inhibition, and cognitive inhibition.Discussion: This will be the first trial to target balance in people with PD with combined exergaming and a-tDCS. We hypothesise that improvements in balance, functional and neurophysiological outcome measures, and neurocognitive outcome measures will be greater and longer-lasting following concurrent exergaming and a-tDCS than in those receiving sham tDCS or usual care.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of exergames to improve balance in people with Parkinson's disease, not specifically in the elderly. While the intervention does involve exergaming and a randomized controlled trial, the target population is people with Parkinson's disease, which may or may not include older individuals. The primary focus is on the combination of exergaming and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for this specific condition, rather than on preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Harrou, F., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Vision-Based Fall Detection System for Improving Safety of Elderly People.
[Journal]  IEEE INSTRUMENTATION & MEASUREMENT MAGAZINE 20(6): 49-55.
[Abstract] 
[Answer]   NO
[Response] Based on the provided title and journal, it appears that the paper is focused on a vision-based system for detecting falls in elderly people, rather than using exergames to prevent falls. The abstract is not provided, but the title and journal information do not suggest that the study involves an exergame intervention or a randomized controlled trial.. Answer: NO

[Author]   Harvie, D. S., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Virtual Reality Body Image Training for Chronic Low Back Pain: A Single Case Report.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN VIRTUAL REALITY 1.
[Abstract] Background: Virtual reality (VR) allows people to embody avatars that are different from themselves in appearance and ability. These experiences provide opportunities to challenge bodily perceptions. We devised a novel VR Body Image Training (VR-BIT) approach to target self-perceptions and pain in people with persistent pain.Methods: A 45-year old male with a 5-year history of disabling chronic low back pain participated in a 4-week VR-BIT intervention. Pain began following a fall from a first-floor deck. Pain was central and on the right side of his lower back, radiating to his right buttock and thigh. Pain was constant and varying at a 5/10 average intensity. The 4-week intervention consistent of three face-to-face sessions 1-week apart, followed by 1-week of in-home VR-BIT. During the first face-to-face session, the participant embodied three athletic avatars: a superhero (Incredible Hulk), a boxer, and a rock climber. Since the participant strongly identified with the boxer, only boxing experiences were subsequently used. Primary outcomes relating to body image (self-perceived strength, vulnerability, agility, and confidence with activity) and pain intensity were assessed using numerical rating scales (0-10 NRS). Disability, kinesiophobia, overall change, and self-efficacy were assessed as secondary outcomes. Outcomes were assessed during each face-to-face session, and at 1-week and 3-month follow-up.Results: The participant reported a high degree of engagement. Positive changes were noted during and after VR for all body image and pain assessments. Improvements were retained at 3-months for body image ratings (mean change: 4.5/10 NRS) and average pain intensity (change: 2/10 NRS). Improvements in disability (45% improvement); self-efficacy (pre: 2/12; post: 10/12); and overall change ("Very much improved") were noted at 3-month follow-up. No change in kinesiophobia was detected. No adverse advents were recorded.Conclusion: The participant engaged strongly with the intervention and showed clinically meaningful changes in body image, pain, disability, and self-efficacy. Despite his long history of pain and rapid improvements, reported changes may be due to non-treatment effects. Nonetheless, VR-BIT clearly warrants further investigation as a potential addition to usual care.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets a 45-year-old male with chronic low back pain, and the focus is on using virtual reality (VR) to improve body image and reduce pain, rather than preventing falls in older people. Additionally, the study is a single case report, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Hashemian, S. E., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Laboratory and numerical investigation on the behavior of reclaimed asphalt pavement (RAP) as railway track subballast layer.
[Journal]  CONSTRUCTION AND BUILDING MATERIALS 384.
[Abstract] The use of asphalt mixtures in different places of the structure of railway tracks has been increased, given their acceptable performance and properties. Using bituminous materials in subballast layers is of great importance due to the structurally, vibrationally, and geometrically improving properties of these infrastructures. In order to enhance the mechanical behavior of railway tracks under heavy loads and high-speed trains, the tendency to use sustainable development approaches such as reuse of discarded and recycled materials has increased. The asphalt is recycled in the maintenance activities of road pavements and, in some cases, reused in the road construction and pavement industry, raising the question of whether reclaimed asphalt pavement (RAP) mixtures can be utilized in railway tracks? Has not been so extensively studied on RAP materials to be used as an interlayer in the structure of railway tracks. Accordingly, the present study seeks to investigate the behavior of these materials as the railway tracks subballast by experimental and numerical through structural approach. Given the complex behavior of these materials due to their bitumen aging, researchers are concerned about the quantity of them that can be reused. In this study, subballast layers containing RAP with percentages varying from 25 % to 100 % without any additive material and thicknesses from 5 cm to 20 cm were numerically modeled. At first, the behavioral models of the RAP materials without any additive material in a laboratory were determined for the model inputs. Using the dynamic modulus and relaxation behavior remarkably helped to identify the behavior of these materials. Numerical models were developed for RAP materials by assuming the linear elastic (LE) behavior for granular materials and linear viscoelastic (LVE) behavior for RAP materials. A conventional ballast track model with granular subballast was also simulated for validation and comparison. Eventually, by evaluating the effect of using RAP on the track settlement, the tensile strain of the bottom of the subballast layer, and compressive stress imposed on the subgrade, the subballast layer with 100 % RAP and a thickness of 20 cm was found to have the best performance, reducing the mentioned Strain and Stress parameters by 40 %. Accordingly, such a layer can be utilized as a simple permanent solution to improve the stiffness and performance of tracks.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of reclaimed asphalt pavement (RAP) as a subballast layer in railway tracks. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hassanzadeh, H., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Transferability of artificial neural networks for clinical document classification across hospitals: A case study on abnormality detection from radiology reports.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL INFORMATICS 85: 68-79.
[Abstract] Objective: Application of machine learning techniques for automatic and reliable classification of clinical documents have shown promising results. However, machine learning models require abundant training data specific to each target hospital and may not be able to benefit from available labeled data from each of the hospitals due to data variations. Such training data limitations have presented one of the major obstacles for maximising potential application of machine learning approaches in the healthcare domain. We investigated transferability of artificial neural network models across hospitals from different domains representing various age demographic groups (i.e., children, adults, and mixed) in order to cope with such limitations.Materials and methods: We explored the transferability of artificial neural networks for clinical document classification. Our case study was to detect abnormalities from limb X-ray reports obtained from the emergency department (ED) of three hospitals within different domains. Different transfer learning scenarios were investigated in order to employ a source hospital's trained model for addressing a target hospital's abnormality detection problem.Results: A Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model exhibited the best effectiveness compared to other networks when employing an embedding model trained on a large corpus of clinical documents. Furthermore, CNN models derived from a source hospital outperformed a conventional machine learning approach based on Support Vector Machines (SVM) when applied to a different (target) hospital. These models were further improved by leveraging available training data in target hospitals and outperformed the models that used only the target hospital data with F1-Score of 0.92-0.96 across three hospitals.Discussion: Our transfer learning model used only simple vector representations of documents without any task specific feature engineering. Transferring the CNN model significantly improved (approx.10% in F1-Score) the state-of-the-art approach for clinical document classification based on a trivial transferred model. In addition, the results showed that transfer learning techniques can further improve a CNN model that is trained only on either a source or target hospital's data.Conclusion: Transferring a pre-trained CNN model generated in one hospital to another facilitates application of machine learning approaches that alleviate both hospital-specific feature engineering and training data.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the transferability of artificial neural networks for clinical document classification across hospitals, specifically focusing on the detection of abnormalities from radiology reports. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hassett, L., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Effect of affordable technology on physical activity levels and mobility outcomes in rehabilitation: a protocol for the Activity and MObility UsiNg Technology (AMOUNT) rehabilitation trial.
[Journal]  BMJ OPEN 6(6).
[Abstract] Introduction People with mobility limitations can benefit from rehabilitation programmes that provide a high dose of exercise. However, since providing a high dose of exercise is logistically challenging and resource-intensive, people in rehabilitation spend most of the day inactive. This trial aims to evaluate the effect of the addition of affordable technology to usual care on physical activity and mobility in people with mobility limitations admitted to inpatient aged and neurological rehabilitation units compared to usual care alone.Methods and analysis A pragmatic, assessor blinded, parallel-group randomised trial recruiting 300 consenting rehabilitation patients with reduced mobility will be conducted. Participants will be individually randomised to intervention or control groups. The intervention group will receive technology-based exercise to target mobility and physical activity problems for 6months. The technology will include the use of video and computer games/exercises and tablet applications as well as activity monitors. The control group will not receive any additional intervention and both groups will receive usual inpatient and outpatient rehabilitation care over the 6-month study period. The coprimary outcomes will be objectively assessed physical activity (proportion of the day spent upright) and mobility (Short Physical Performance Battery) at 6months after randomisation. Secondary outcomes will include: self-reported and objectively assessed physical activity, mobility, cognition, activity performance and participation, utility-based quality of life, balance confidence, technology self-efficacy, falls and service utilisation. Linear models will assess the effect of group allocation for each continuously scored outcome measure with baseline scores entered as a covariate. Fall rates between groups will be compared using negative binomial regression. Primary analyses will be preplanned, conducted while masked to group allocation and use an intention-to-treat approach.Ethics and dissemination The protocol has been approved by the relevant Human Research Ethics Committees and the results will be disseminated widely through peer-reviewed publication and conference presentations.Trial registration number ACTRN12614000936628. Pre-results.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a randomized controlled trial that aims to evaluate the effect of affordable technology, including video and computer games/exercises and tablet applications, on physical activity and mobility in people with mobility limitations. While the intervention includes exergames, the primary focus is on a broader range of outcomes such as physical activity levels and mobility, rather than specifically on preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study population includes people with mobility limitations in inpatient aged and neurological rehabilitation units, which is not exclusively focused on older people. Therefore, the paper does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hawkins, K. E., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Using virtual reality to assess vestibulo-visual interaction in people with Parkinson's disease compared to healthy controls.
[Journal]  EXPERIMENTAL BRAIN RESEARCH 239(12): 3553-3564.
[Abstract] People with Parkinson's disease (PD) have increased visual dependency for balance and suspected vestibular dysfunction. Immersive virtual reality (VR) allows graded manipulation of visual sensory inputs during balance tasks, and hence VR coupled with portable force platforms have emerged as feasible, affordable, and validated tools for assessing sensory-motor integration of balance. This study aims to determine (i) how people with PD perform on a VR-based visual perturbation standing balance task compared to healthy controls (HC), and (ii) whether balance performance is influenced by vestibular function, when other known factors are controlled for. This prospective observational study compared the balance performance under varying sensory conditions in 40 people with mild to moderate PD with 40 age-matched HC. Vestibular function was assessed via Head Impulse Test (HIMP), cervical and ocular vestibular evoked myogenic potentials (cVEMPs and oVEMPs) and subjective visual vertical (SVV). Regression analyses were used to determine associations between VR balance performance on firm and foam surfaces with age, group, vestibular function, and lower limb proprioception. PD failed at significantly lower levels of visual perturbation than HC on both surfaces. In PD, greater disease severity was significantly associated with lower fall thresholds on both surfaces. Multiple PD participants failed prior to visual perturbation on foam. On firm, PD had a greater visual dependency. Increasing age, impaired proprioception, impaired SVV, abnormal HIMP and cVEMP scores were associated with worse balance performance. The multivariate model containing these factors explained 29% of the variability in balance performance on both surfaces. Quantitative VR-based balance assessment is safe and feasible in PD. Balance performance on both surfaces was associated with age, HIMP abnormality and proprioception.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using virtual reality (VR) to assess vestibulo-visual interaction and balance performance in people with Parkinson's disease compared to healthy controls. It does not describe an intervention aimed at preventing falls, nor does it report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Hayashi, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Test-Retest Reliability of Dynamic Subjective Visual Vertical and Visual Dependency in Older Adults Using Virtual Reality Methods.
[Journal]  PERCEPTUAL AND MOTOR SKILLS 131(6): 2069-2084.
[Abstract] The perception of verticality is formed through the integration of multisensory gravitational information, including somatosensory, visual, and vestibular inputs. Older adults exhibit visual dependency (VD) as they rely more on visual information to compensate for reduced somatosensory and vertical perception. Increased VD is associated with falls, and the dynamic subjective visual vertical (SVV) is used to assess VD. However, the measurement reliability of dynamic SVV and VD using virtual reality (VR), which has garnered considerable attention in recent years, remains unclear. Therefore, our purpose in this study was to assess the test-retest reliability of dynamic SVVs and VDs using a VR method. We evaluated static and dynamic SVV of 40 older adults using a smartphone-based VR system (SVR-SVV). Dynamic SVV consisted of numerous spheres on the background rotating clockwise (CW-SVV) or counterclockwise (CCW-SVV). Each SVV measurement consisted of one set of 10 trials. VD was calculated as the mean value of dynamic SVV minus the mean values of static SVV. A re-test was conducted after one week. Reliability was analyzed using Bland-Altman plots and intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC 2, k) for each SVV measure. We observed no systematic bias in any of the SVV values, which were 0.1 degrees (SD = 2.8 degrees), 13.3 degrees (SD = 8.3 degrees), -12.8 degrees (SD = 6.9 degrees), and 15.7 degrees (SD = 8.1 degrees) for static SVV, CW-SVV, CCW-SVV, and VD, respectively. Test-retest reliability was good for static SVV (ICC = .817, p < .001), CW-SVV (ICC = .896, p < .001) and excellent for CCW-SVV (ICC = .914, p < .001), VD (ICC = .937, p < .001). The dynamic SVV and VD measurements using SVR-SVV demonstrated good test-retest reliability. Moreover, the SVR-SVV is more portable than conventional methods, making it highly useful in clinical practice.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the test-retest reliability of dynamic subjective visual vertical (SVV) and visual dependency (VD) in older adults using a virtual reality (VR) method. While it does involve older adults and uses a VR system, the primary aim is to assess the reliability of measurements rather than to use exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The study does not report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at fall prevention, and it does not describe an exergame intervention. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hayashida, N. (2018). 
[Title]    Sensecomputing for Human-Machine Collaboration through Human Emotion Understanding.
[Journal]  FUJITSU SCIENTIFIC & TECHNICAL JOURNAL 54(5): 62-69.
[Abstract] The Japanese working-age population is estimated to Fall to about half of the total population by 2060. Along with this change in society, new working lifestyles such as working remotely and co-working with robots are becoming popular. Coming together with others within the workplace in the real world can create advantages for organizing our work life, but current computer technologies-including robots and other autonomous artificial intelligent systems-have not helped to create the same advantages in remote working spaces yet. Sensecomputing Research Center in Fujitsu Laboratories takes on this research issue regarding people's need For relatedness. We aim to develop computer-supported cooperative remote working spaces that satisfy people's basic psychological need for relatedness. In this paper, we introduce a preliminary study on building design for future remote working spaces. This paper presents findings obtained on how a user interacts with other persons using his/her interpersonal relationship building behaviors in virtual reality settings. It then shows that future remote working spaces will let a user be informed that another person would like to approach or avoid him/her, using where the other person's body parts are positioned, how angled the other person's upper body is, etc. This paper also includes the background for the study and the preliminary results of user observations, including its methodology and system configurations.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on developing computer-supported cooperative remote working spaces that satisfy people's basic psychological need for relatedness, using virtual reality settings. It does not target older people, nor does it involve an exergame intervention or report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   He, T. T., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    [Effect of virtual reality video-based pre-discharge psychological intervention on the post-discharge emotions of patients with deep facial burns: a prospective randomized controlled study].
[Journal]  Zhonghua shao shang za zhi = Zhonghua shaoshang zazhi = Chinese journal of burns 37(1): 70-75.
[Abstract] Objective: To investigate the effect of virtual reality (VR) video-based pre-discharge psychological intervention on the post-discharge emotions of patients with deep facial burn. Methods: From October 2017 to September 2019, 84 patients with deep facial burn who were hospitalized in the First Hospital of Jilin University and met the inclusion criteria were enrolled in the prospective randomized controlled study were. According to the random number table, the patients were divided into two groups, with 40 cases (21 males and 19 females) left in VR video group, aged 18-53 years and 41 cases (22 males and 19 females) in general video group, aged 19-55 years after several patients dropped out in follow-up. Seven patients who had been treated in the First Hospital of Jilin University from January 2014 to December 2016 and returned to work and life after recovering from the deep facial burn were selected, and then the pictures and corresponding commentaries before and after burn injuries, the problems and solutions after discharge, and the image data of living status of each patient were edited and recorded into a video. From seven days before discharge, the patients in VR video group began to watch videos by wearing VR glasses, while the patients in general video group began to watch videos on a tablet computer, for 7 days . On the 7th day before discharge (before watching the videos) and one month after discharge, the Self-rating Anxiety Scale (SAS), Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS), and Social Avoidance and Distress (SAD) Scale were used to evaluate the level of anxiety, depression, and social avoidance and distress of patients in both groups. Data were statistically analyzed with paired or independent sample t test, chi-square test, or Fisher's exact probability test. Results: On the 7th day before discharge, the scores of anxiety, depression, and social avoidance and distress of patients in general video group were (34±7), (34±6), and (11.5±3.9) points, respectively, close to (35±7), (35±5), and (10.5±3.9) points in VR video group (t=-0.803, -1.050, 1.122, P>0.05), and the scores of both groups were higher than the national norms. One month after discharge, the scores of anxiety, depression, and social avoidance and distress of patients in VR video group were (31±5), (31±5), and (7.2±2.5) points, respectively, significantly lower than the scores on the 7th day before discharge (t=6.609, 7.492, 7.622, P<0.01); the scores of anxiety, depression, and social avoidance and distress of patients in general video group were (37±7), (38±8), and (13.9±7.4) points, respectively, significantly higher than the scores on the 7th day before discharge (t=2.802, 3.599, 2.739, P<0.01). One month after discharge, the scores of anxiety, depression, and social avoidance and distress of patients in VR video group were significantly lower than those in general video group (t=4.722, 5.043, 5.490, P<0.01). Conclusions: Pre-discharge psychological intervention of patients with deep facial burn using VR videos can alleviate their bad emotions after discharge, such as anxiety, depression, and social avoidance and distress.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) videos as a psychological intervention to improve the post-discharge emotions of patients with deep facial burns. It does not target older people, and it does not focus on preventing falls. The intervention is aimed at emotional and psychological outcomes, not physical activity or fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Heapy, A. A., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Interactive Voice Response-Based Self-management for Chronic Back Pain The COPES Noninferiority Randomized Trial.
[Journal]  JAMA INTERNAL MEDICINE 177(6): 765-773.
[Abstract] IMPORTANCE Recommendations for chronic pain treatment emphasize multimodal approaches, including nonpharmacologic interventions to enhance self-management. Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is an evidence-based treatment that facilitates management of chronic pain and improves outcomes, but access barriers persist. Cognitive behavioral therapy delivery assisted by health technology can obviate the need for in-person visits, but the effectiveness of this alternative to standard therapy is unknown. The Cooperative Pain Education and Self-management (COPES) trial was a randomized, noninferiority trial comparing IVR-CBT to in-person CBT for patients with chronic back pain.OBJECTIVE To assess the efficacy of interactive voice response-based CBT (IVR-CBT) relative to in-person CBT for chronic back pain.DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS We conducted a noninferiority randomized trial in 1 Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) health care system. A total of 125 patients with chronic back pain were equally allocated to IVR-CBT (n = 62) or in-person CBT (n = 63).INTERVENTIONS Patients treated with IVR-CBT received a self-help manual and weekly prerecorded therapist feedback based on their IVR-reported activity, coping skill practice, and pain outcomes. In-person CBT included weekly, individual CBT sessions with a therapist. Participants in both conditions received IVR monitoring of pain, sleep, activity levels, and pain coping skill practice during treatment.MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES The primary outcome was change from baseline to 3 months in unblinded patient report of average pain intensity measured by the Numeric Rating Scale (NRS). Secondary outcomes included changes in pain-related interference, physical and emotional functioning, sleep quality, and quality of life at 3, 6, and 9 months. We also examined treatment retention.RESULTS Of the 125 patients (97 men, 28 women; mean [SD] age, 57.9 [11.6] years), the adjusted average reduction in NRS with IVR-CBT (-0.77) was similar to in-person CBT (-0.84), with the 95% CI for the difference between groups (-0.67 to 0.80) falling below the prespecified noninferiority margin of 1 indicating IVR-CBT is noninferior. Fifty-four patients randomized to IVR-CBT and 50 randomized to in-person CBT were included in the analysis of the primary outcome. Statistically significant improvements in physical functioning, sleep quality, and physical quality of life at 3 months relative to baseline occurred in both treatments, with no advantage for either treatment. Treatment dropout was lower in IVR-CBT with patients completing on average 2.3 (95% CI, 1.0-3.6) more sessions.CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE IVR-CBT is a low-burden alternative that can increase access to CBT for chronic pain and shows promise as a nonpharmacologic treatment option for chronic pain, with outcomes that are not inferior to in-person CBT.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of interactive voice response (IVR)-based cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) for chronic back pain, not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention does not involve exergames, and the target population is not specifically older people, but rather patients with chronic back pain. Additionally, the study focuses on the noninferiority of IVR-CBT compared to in-person CBT, which is outside the scope of exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Heinrichs, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effects of different mobility concepts in new residential areas.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF URBAN MOBILITY 6.
[Abstract] Growing cities need new residential areas, which are often either not connected to the existing transport infrastructure or are poorly connected to it. A fast way to connect these areas is the construction of roads. However, this generates a car-depending mobility among the inhabitants, which is in conflict with several sustainability goals. Moreover, the impact of the implementation of new public transport options is only partly known and this fact reduces the willingness to invest in expensive public transport measures. In this work we examine different mobility concepts, including shared mobility, bicycle highways, a high-frequency bus service, suburban trains and car limitations in a new residential area of 2000 households in Berlin, Germany, which is currently under construction. The households and inhabitants are created synthetically using statistical data derived from a survey among the first people moved in. The age and size structure of these households turn out to be different from the neighboring households. Then, we implement all measures in a microscopic travel demand simulation and quantify the potential modal shifts for four different mobility concepts. The results show that weak and short-term mobility concepts show no significant change in mobility behavior. Only highly integrated projects like bicycle highways into the inner city combined with suburban trains can reduce the need for car- dependent mobility. Shared mobility only fills in the gaps for special occasions but not for daily mobility due to the high costs. In a final step we examine the usage of the introduced public transport services and compare the change in the occupation of the buses and trains. Here our work shows that interchanging from bus to subways and suburban trains drastically reduces the attractiveness of public transport. Introducing a new suburban train changes this situation and the whole region shows a drop of 40% of car trips.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effects of different mobility concepts in new residential areas, specifically focusing on how these concepts influence transportation and sustainability goals. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any form of exercise-based interventions. The study uses a travel demand simulation to examine the impact of various mobility options, which is unrelated to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Hemelings, R., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Pointwise Visual Field Estimation FromOptical Coherence Tomography in Glaucoma Using Deep Learning.
[Journal]  TRANSLATIONAL VISION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY 11(8).
[Abstract] Purpose: Standard automated perimetry is the gold standard to monitor visual field ( VF) loss in glaucoma management, but it is prone to intrasubject variability. We trained and validated a customized deep learning (DL) regression model with Xception backbone that estimates pointwise and overall VF sensitivity fromunsegmented optical coherence tomography (OCT) scans.Methods: DL regression models have been trained with four imaging modalities (circumpapillary OCT at 3.5 mm, 4.1 mm, and 4.7 mm diameter) and scanning laser ophthalmoscopy en face images to estimate mean deviation (MD) and 52 threshold values. This retrospective study used data from patients who underwent a complete glaucoma examination, including a reliable Humphrey Field Analyzer (HFA) 24-2 SITA Standard (SS) VF exam and a SPECTRALIS OCT.Results: For MD estimation, weighted prediction averaging of all four individuals yielded a mean absolute error (MAE) of 2.89 dB (2.50-3.30) on 186 test images, reducing the baseline by 54% (MAEdecr%). For 52 VF threshold values' estimation, the weighted ensemble model resulted in anMAE of 4.82 dB (4.45-5.22), representing anMAEdecr% of 38% from baseline when predicting the pointwise mean value. DL managed to explain 75% and 58% of the variance (R-2) in MD and pointwise sensitivity estimation, respectively.Conclusions: Deep learning can estimate global and pointwise VF sensitivities that fall almost entirely within the 90% test-retest confidence intervals of the 24-2 SS test.Translational Relevance: Fast and consistent VF prediction from unsegmented OCT scans could become a solution for visual function estimation in patients unable to perform reliable VF exams.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using deep learning to estimate visual field sensitivity from optical coherence tomography (OCT) scans in glaucoma patients. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Hendry, A. P., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Performance of wild animals with 
[Journal]  roken" traits: Movement patterns in nature of moose with leg injuries." ECOLOGY AND EVOLUTION 12(8).
[Abstract] Organismal traits are presumed to be well suited for performance in the tasks required for survival, growth, and reproduction. Major injuries to such traits should therefore compromise performance and prevent success in the natural world; yet some injured animals can survive for long periods of time and contribute to future generations. We here examine 3 years of camera trap observations along a remote trail through old-growth forest in northern British Columbia, Canada. The most common observations were of moose (2966), wolves (476), and brown bears (224). The moose overwhelmingly moved in one direction along the trail in the late fall and early winter and in the other direction in the spring. This movement was clustered/contagious, with days on which many moose traveled often being interspersed with days on which few moose traveled. On the video recordings, we identified 12 injured moose, representing 1.4% of all moose observations. Seven injuries were to the carpus, three were to the antebrachium, and two were to the tarsus-and they are hypothesized to reflect damage to ligaments, tendons, and perhaps bones. The injured moose were limping in all cases, sometimes severely; and yet they did not differ noticeably from uninjured moose in the direction, date, contagiousness, or speed of movement along the trail. We discuss the potential relevance of these findings for the action of natural selection in the evolution of organismal traits important for performance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the movement patterns of wild moose, particularly those with leg injuries, and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are wild animals, and there is no mention of exergames or any related interventions.

[Author]   Hernandez-Martinez, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effects of active exergames on physical performance in older people: an overview of systematic reviews and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PUBLIC HEALTH 12.
[Abstract] This overview assessed the available body of published peer-reviewed systematic reviews and meta-analyses related to the effects of active exergames compared with active/passive control on physical performance outcomes in older people. The methodological quality and certainty of evidence were assessed using PRISMA, AMSTAR 2, and GRADE. The protocol was registered in PROSPERO (code: CRD42023391694). The main outcomes indicate that 4,477 records, five systematic reviews, and 10 meta-analyses were included. The AMSTAR-2 reported six meta-analyses with high methodological quality, four moderate quality, two systematic reviews with low quality, and three very-low quality. Meta-analysis was performed on balance using the Berg Balance Scale (BBS) and Timed Up-and-Go (TUG) tests, on cardiorespiratory fitness using the 6-min walk test, and on upper and lower limbs muscle strength using the handgrip strength, knee extension, and 30-s chair stand tests. Significant differences in favor of the active exergames groups concerning active/passive groups were reported in BBS (SMD = 0.85; 95% CI = 0.12-1.58; I-2 = 96%; p = 0.02), TUG (SMD = 1.44; 95% CI = 0.71-2.16; I-2 = 97%; p < 0.0001), and 30-s chair stand test (SMD = 0.79; 95% CI = 0.33-1.25; I-2 = 88%; p = 0.0008). However, no significant differences were reported in favor of the active exergames groups in 6-min walk (SMD = 0.93; 95% CI = -0.64 to 2.50; I-2 = 95%; p = 0.24), handgrip strength (SMD = 0.67; 95% CI = -0.04 to 1.38; I-2 = 84%; p = 0.06), and knee extension tests (SMD = 0.20; 95% CI = -0.05 to 0.44; I-2 = 95%; p = 0.12) compared to active/passive control. However, it was impossible to perform a meta-analysis for the variables of walking speed as a fall risk due to the diversity of instruments and the small number of systematic reviews with meta-analysis. In conclusion, interventions utilizing active exergames have shown significant improvements in the static and dynamic balance and lower limb muscle strength of apparently healthy older people, compared to control groups of active/inactive participants, as measured by BBS, TUG, and 30-s chair stand tests. However, no significant differences were found in the 6-min walk, HGS, and knee extension tests.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is an overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses, which means it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as specified.

[Author]   Herren, A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Pediatric Trauma and Trauma Team Activation in a Swiss Pediatric Emergency Department: An Observational Cohort Study.
[Journal]  CHILDREN-BASEL 10(8).
[Abstract] Background. Trauma is one of the most common causes of death in childhood, but data on severely injured Swiss children are absent from existing national registries. Our aim was to analyze trauma activations and the profiles of critically injured children at a tertiary, non-academic Swiss pediatric emergency department (PED). In the absence of a national pediatric trauma database, this information may help to guide the design of infrastructure, processes within organizations, training, and policies. Methods. A retrospective analysis of pediatric trauma patients in a prospective resuscitation database over a 2-year period. Critically injured trauma patients under the age of 16 years were included. Patients were described with established triage and injury severity scales. Statistical evaluation included logistic regression analysis. Results. A total of 82 patients matched one or more of the study inclusion criteria. The most frequent age group was 12-15 years, and 27% were female. Trauma team activation (TTA) occurred with 49 patients (59.8%). Falls were the most frequent mechanism of injury, both overall and for major trauma. Road-traffic-related injuries had the highest relative risk of major trauma. In the multivariate analysis, patients receiving medicalized transport were more likely to trigger a TTA, but there was no association between TTA and age, gender, or Injury Severity Score (ISS). Nineteen patients (23.2%) sustained major trauma with an ISS > 15. Injuries of Abbreviated Injury Scale severity 3 or greater were most frequent to the head, followed by abdomen, chest, and extremities. The overall mortality rate in the cohort was 2.4%. Conclusions: Major trauma presentations only comprise a small proportion of the total patient load in the PED, and trauma team activation does not correlate with injury severity. Low exposure to high-acuity patients highlights the importance of deliberate learning and simulation for all professionals in the PED. Our findings indicate that high priority should be given to training in the management of severely injured children in the PED. The leading major trauma mechanisms were preventable, which should prompt further efforts in injury prevention.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about pediatric trauma and trauma team activation in a Swiss pediatric emergency department, focusing on children under the age of 16. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any form of intervention to prevent falls. The study is observational and does not include randomized controlled trials related to exergames.

[Author]   Hesse, K., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Experimental variation of social stress in virtual reality - Feasibility and first results in patients with psychotic disorders.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BEHAVIOR THERAPY AND EXPERIMENTAL PSYCHIATRY 56: 129-136.
[Abstract] Background and objectives: Social interaction might lead to increased stress levels in patients with psychotic disorders. Impaired social stress tolerance is critical for social functioning and closely linked with symptom relapse and hospitalization. We present an interactive office built-up in virtual reality (VR).Methods: Patients with psychotic disorders (PP, N = 26 including N = 5 dropouts) and matched healthy controls (HC, N = 20) were examined with a VR simulating an open-plan office. In a randomized, controlled cross-over design, participants were introduced to virtual co-workers (avatars) and requested to ask them for task assistance. Social feedback in each of the two sessions was either cooperative or rejective in randomized order.Results: The office environment was tolerable for most PP and all HC, five PP and none of the HC dropped out for any reason. Drop-outs reported simulator sickness, influence on thoughts and symptom exacerbations. Statistical trends indicated heightened paranoid ideations for PP after social rejection. State measures of paranoid ideations showed high convergent validity with conventional measures of delusions. Of note, measures of presence were higher for PP than for HC.Limitations: The exploratory design limits the robustness of the findings. Only statistical trends on paranoid ideation were found.Conclusion: The use of VR to assess the effects of social rejection is feasible and tolerable for most PP (87%). However, its implementation for PP is challenged by increased simulator sickness and an additional stress load for some patients. Further studies continuing on these first results that point towards an increased paranoid ideation evoked by negative social feedback and generally higher subjective presence are needed. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets patients with psychotic disorders, and the focus is on assessing social stress tolerance using a virtual reality (VR) environment, rather than on preventing falls in older people. Additionally, the study is focused on feasibility and first results, and it is not a randomized controlled trial aimed at evaluating an exergame intervention.

[Author]   Higginbotham, S. (2019). 
[Title]    ROBOTS AS SMART AS BABIES.
[Journal]  IEEE SPECTRUM 56(11): 19-19.
[Abstract] 
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Based on the title "ROBOTS AS SMART AS BABIES" and the journal "IEEE SPECTRUM," it is clear that this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The title suggests a focus on robotics and artificial intelligence, and there is no indication from the information provided that it involves older people, exergames, or fall prevention. Additionally, the abstract is missing, but even with the abstract, the title and journal context strongly suggest that the content would not align with the specified criteria.

[Author]   Hilderley, A. J., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Comparison of a robotic-assisted gait training program with a program of functional gait training for children with cerebral palsy: design and methods of a two group randomized controlled cross-over trial.
[Journal]  SPRINGERPLUS 5.
[Abstract] Background: Enhancement of functional ambulation is a key goal of rehabilitation for children with cerebral palsy (CP) who experience gross motor impairment. Physiotherapy (PT) approaches often involve overground and treadmill- based gait training to promote motor learning, typically as free walking or with body-weight support. Roboticassisted gait training (RAGT), using a device such as the Lokomat (R) Pro, may permit longer training duration, faster and more variable gait speeds, and support walking pattern guidance more than overground/treadmill training to further capitalize on motor learning principles. Single group pre-/post-test studies have demonstrated an association between RAGT and moderate to large improvements in gross motor skills, gait velocity and endurance. A single published randomized controlled trial (RCT) comparing RAGT to a PT-only intervention showed no difference in gait kinematics. However, gross motor function and walking endurance were not evaluated and conclusions were limited by a large PT group drop-out rate.Methods/design: In this two-group cross-over RCT, children are randomly allocated to the RAGT or PT arm (each with twice weekly sessions for eight weeks), with cross-over to the other intervention arm following a six-week break. Both interventions are grounded in motor learning principles with incorporation of individualized mobility-based goals. Sessions are fully operationalized through manualized, menu-based protocols and post-session documentation to enhance internal and external validity. Assessments occur pre/post each intervention arm (four time points total) by an independent assessor. The co-primary outcomes are gross motor functional ability (Gross Motor Function Measure (GMFM-66) and 6-minute walk test), with secondary outcome measures assessing: (a) individualized goals; (b) gait variables and daily walking amounts; and (c) functional abilities, participation and quality of life. Investigators and statisticians are blinded to study group allocation in the analyses, and assessors are blinded to treatment group. The primary analysis will be the pre-to post-test differences (change scores) of the GMFM-66 and 6MWT between RAGT and PT groups.Discussion: This study is the first RCT comparing RAGT to an active gait-related PT intervention in paediatric CP that addresses gait-related gross motor, participation and individualized outcomes, and as such, is expected to provide comprehensive information as to the potential role of RAGT in clinical practice.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets children with cerebral palsy, and the focus is on comparing robotic-assisted gait training (RAGT) with a functional gait training program. The study does not involve exergames, and the target population is not older people.

[Author]   Hirashiki, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Randomized Controlled Trial of Cardiac Rehabilitation Using the Balance Exercise Assist Robot in Older Adults with Cardiovascular Disease.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF CARDIOVASCULAR DEVELOPMENT AND DISEASE 11(5).
[Abstract] Background: Recent studies have investigated the effects of exercise on the functional capacity of older adults; training with a balance exercise assist robot (BEAR) effectively improves posture. This study compared the clinical safety and efficacy of training using BEAR video games to conventional resistance training in older adults with cardiovascular disease (CVD). Methods: Ninety patients (mean age: 78 years) hospitalized due to worsening CVD were randomized to cardiac rehabilitation (CR) Group R (conventional resistance training) or Group B (training using BEAR). After appropriate therapy, patients underwent laboratory testing and functional evaluation using the timed up-and-go test (TUG), short physical performance battery (SPPB), and functional independence measure (FIM) just before discharge and 4 months after CR. The rates of CVD readmission, cardiac death, and fall-related fractures were monitored. Results: BEAR had no adverse effects during exercise. At 4 months, TUG and SPPB improved significantly in both groups, with no significant difference between them. FIM motor and the Geriatric Nutritional Risk Index were significantly improved in Group B versus Group R. There was no significant difference in cardiac events and fall-related fractures between the two groups. Conclusion: CR with BEAR is safe and comparable to conventional resistance training for improving balance in older adults with CVD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a balance exercise assist robot (BEAR) with video games for cardiac rehabilitation in older adults with cardiovascular disease. While the intervention does target older people and involves an exergame, the primary focus is on improving functional capacity and balance, rather than specifically preventing falls. Additionally, the results do not show a significant difference in fall-related fractures between the groups, which suggests that the study was not primarily focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Hitchens, P. L., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Meta-analysis of risk factors for racehorse catastrophic musculoskeletal injury in flat racing.
[Journal]  VETERINARY JOURNAL 245: 29-40.
[Abstract] Studies of racehorse injury or fatality in various countries have identified common, and in some cases conflicting, risk factors. We conducted a systematic search of the relevant literature published from 1990 to 2017. Peer-reviewed articles were included if they reported the incidence of fatal or catastrophic musculoskeletal injury (CMI) in Thoroughbred flat races (n = 21) or risk factors for CMI (n = 65). Pooled effect sizes were estimated using the random-effects DerSimonian-Laird model. The pooled incidence of CMI was 1.17 (95% confidence interval 0.90, 1.44) per 1000 race starts. Almost 300 factors have been investigated in epidemiological studies for potential associations with CMI. Factors found to have consistent evidence of increasing risk of CMI are; (1) Horse-level factors such as older horse age and age at first start, male sex, and higher race class or lower claiming price; (2) Race-level factors such as firmer track conditions on turf and wetter conditions on dirt, longer race distance, and a greater number of starters; and (3) Management-related factors including more time since previous start, greater number of starts, longer career length, issues identified at pre-race examination, previous injury, and recent administration of medication or injections. Studies investigating recent cumulative distance of highspeed exercise were conflicting and suggestive of at least two mechanisms of injury related to the accumulation of bone damage: (1) In well adapted bone following a period of intense training; and (2) In poorly adapted bone at relatively low levels of training intensity. Future studies should evaluate success of interventions and mechanisms for injury. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a meta-analysis focusing on risk factors for catastrophic musculoskeletal injuries in racehorses, not on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention, target population, and study design do not meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Hitchens, P. L., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Mathematical modelling of bone adaptation of the metacarpal subchondral bone in racehorses.
[Journal]  BIOMECHANICS AND MODELING IN MECHANOBIOLOGY 17(3): 877-890.
[Abstract] In Thoroughbred racehorses, fractures of the distal limb are commonly catastrophic. Most of these fractures occur due to the accumulation of fatigue damage from repetitive loading, as evidenced by microdamage at the predilection sites for fracture. Adaptation of the bone in response to training loads is important for fatigue resistance. In order to better understand the mechanism of subchondral bone adaptation to its loading environment, we utilised a square root function defining the relationship between bone volume fraction (f(BM)) and specific surface (S-v) of the subchondral bone of the lateral condyles of the third metacarpal bone (MCIII) of the racehorse, and using this equation, developed a mathematical model of subchondral bone that adapts to loading conditions observed in vivo. The model is expressed as an ordinary differential equation incorporating a formation rate that is dependent on strain energy density. The loading conditions applied to a selected subchondral region, i.e. volume of interest, were estimated based on joint contact forces sustained by racehorses in training. For each of the initial conditions of f(BM) we found no difference between subsequent homoeostatic f(BM) at any given loading condition, but the time to reach equilibrium differed by initial f(BM) and loading condition. We found that the observed values for f(BM) from the mathematical model output were a good approximation to the existing data for racehorses in training or at rest. This model provides the basis for understanding the effect of changes to training strategies that may reduce the risk of racehorse injury.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about mathematical modeling of bone adaptation in racehorses, specifically focusing on the subchondral bone of the metacarpal. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any form of virtual reality, video games, or cognitive training. Additionally, the study does not report results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Hoang, P., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    A custom-built step exergame training programme to prevent falls in people with multiple sclerosis: A multicentre randomised controlled trial.
[Journal]  MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS JOURNAL 30(4-5): 571-584.
[Abstract] Background: Cognitive-motor step training can improve stepping, balance and mobility in people with multiple sclerosis (MS), but effectiveness in preventing falls has not been demonstrated.Objectives: This multisite randomised controlled trial aimed to determine whether 6 months of home-based step exergame training could reduce falls and improve associated risk factors compared with usual care in people with MS.Methods: In total, 461 people with MS aged 22-81 years were randomly allocated to usual care (control) or unsupervised home-based step exergame training (120 minutes/week) for 6 months. The primary outcome was rate of falls over 6 months from randomisation. Secondary outcomes included physical, cognitive and psychosocial function at 6 months and falls over 12 months.Results: Mean (standard deviation (SD)) weekly training duration was 70 (51) minutes over 6 months. Fall rates did not differ between intervention and control groups (incidence rates (95% confidence interval (CI)): 2.13 (1.57-2.69) versus 2.24 (1.35-3.13), respectively, incidence rate ratio: 0.96 (95% CI: 0.69-1.34, p = 0.816)). Intervention participants performed faster in tests of choice-stepping reaction time at 6 months. No serious training-related adverse events were reported.Conclusion: The step exergame training programme did not reduce falls among people with MS. However, it significantly improved choice-stepping reaction time which is critical to ambulate safely in daily life environment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on using a custom-built step exergame training program to prevent falls in people with multiple sclerosis, not in the elderly. Although the study involves an exergame and is a randomized controlled trial, the target population is people with multiple sclerosis, which includes a wide age range (22-81 years) and is not specifically targeting older people. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hoffman, H. G., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Feasibility of Articulated Arm Mounted Oculus Rift Virtual Reality Goggles for Adjunctive Pain Control During Occupational Therapy in Pediatric Burn Patients.
[Journal]  CYBERPSYCHOLOGY BEHAVIOR AND SOCIAL NETWORKING 17(6): 397-401.
[Abstract] For daily burn wound care and therapeutic physical therapy skin stretching procedures, powerful pain medications alone are often inadequate. This feasibility study provides the first evidence that entering an immersive virtual environment using very inexpensive (similar to$400) wide field of view Oculus Rift Virtual Reality (VR) goggles can elicit a strong illusion of presence and reduce pain during VR. The patient was an 11-year-old male with severe electrical and flash burns on his head, shoulders, arms, and feet (36 percent total body surface area (TBSA), 27 percent TBSA were third-degree burns). He spent one 20-minute occupational therapy session with no VR, one with VR on day 2, and a final session with no VR on day 3. His rating of pain intensity during therapy dropped from severely painful during no VR to moderately painful during VR. Pain unpleasantness dropped from moderately unpleasant during no VR to mildly unpleasant during VR. He reported going "completely inside the computer generated world", and had more fun during VR. Results are consistent with a growing literature showing reductions in pain during VR. Although case studies are scientifically inconclusive by nature, these preliminary results suggest that the Oculus Rift VR goggles merit more attention as a potential treatment for acute procedural pain of burn patients. Availability of inexpensive but highly immersive VR goggles would significantly improve cost effectiveness and increase dissemination of VR pain distraction, making VR available to many more patients, potentially even at home, for pain control as well as a wide range of other VR therapy applications. This is the first clinical data on PubMed to show the use of Oculus Rift for any medical application.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets pediatric burn patients, and the focus is on pain control during occupational therapy, rather than fall prevention in older adults. Additionally, the study is a feasibility study, which does not include randomized controlled trials with reported results.

[Author]   Hoffman, H. G., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Increasing presence via a more immersive VR system increases virtual reality analgesia and draws more attention into virtual reality in a randomized crossover study.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN VIRTUAL REALITY 5.
[Abstract] Introduction: Researchers frequently speculate that Immersive Virtual Reality (VR) diminishes pain by reducing how much attention is available to process nociceptive signals, but attention has rarely been measured in VR analgesia studies. Methods: The current study measured how much attention VR uses. Using a repeated measures crossover design, 72 college students (mean = 19 year old) gave pain ratings (0-10 GRS scale) during brief painful but safe and tolerable heat stimulations during No VR, vs. immersive VR vs. semi-immersive VR (treatment order randomized). Results: Compared to semi-immersive VR, during immersive VR, participants reported a significant 25% drop in pain intensity, and a significant 23% increase in fun during the pain stimulus, (p < .001 for each measure). Discussion: As predicted by an attention mechanism for how VR reduces pain (the distraction hypothesis), participants made significantly more mistakes on an attention-demanding odd-number divided-attention task during the immersive VR condition than during the less immersive VR condition. Secondary analyses also showed that immersive VR was still effective at higher pain intensity levels, and was widely effective regardless of gender, race, or participant's tendency to catastrophize.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the use of immersive virtual reality (VR) to reduce pain in college students, and it does not target older people or address fall prevention. Additionally, the intervention is aimed at analgesia, not at improving balance or reducing the risk of falls.

[Author]   Hondebrink, M. S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Motion-based equilibrium reprocessing therapy a novel treatment method for chronic peripheral vestibulopathies A pilot study.
[Journal]  MEDICINE 96(24).
[Abstract] Rehabilitation for vestibular disease is a safe method to partially alleviate symptoms of vertigo. It was hypothesized that principles of military aviation vestibular desensitization procedures that have a success rate of more than 80% can be extrapolated to chronic vestibular disease as well.The virtual reality motion base computer-assisted rehabilitation environment was used as treatment modality in 17 patients. They were exposed to sinusoidal vertical passive whole body motion in increasing intensity for a maximum of 12 sessions. The Dizziness Handicap Inventory (DHI) was used for assessment of the subjective complaints of vertigo.The median DHI scores of 50 points at baseline dropped to 22 points (P<.001) at follow-up. Post hoc analysis showed significant differences in outcome between measurements at baseline and at the end of the treatment, between baseline and follow-up, but not between end of treatment and follow-up.This pilot study concerning motion-based equilibrium reprocessing therapy (MERT) shows that it is a simple, quick, and well-tolerated treatment option to alleviate symptoms in patients with chronic peripheral vestibulopathies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a virtual reality motion-based therapy to treat chronic peripheral vestibulopathies, which is not specifically aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. While the intervention involves a form of exergame (virtual reality), the primary target and outcome are related to alleviating symptoms of vertigo, not fall prevention. Additionally, the study is a pilot study, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Hong, C. Y., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Update and projections for New Zealand's ophthalmology workforce.
[Journal]  NEW ZEALAND MEDICAL JOURNAL 137(1599): 27-36.
[Abstract] AIM: The aim of this study was to update and project the growth of ophthalmologists in New Zealand. This will help decision makers better understand the current ophthalmologist workforce and make appropriate resource allocations. METHOD: Supply and demographics of ophthalmologists in New Zealand were obtained from the Medical Council of New Zealand, Health Workforce New Zealand and Health New Zealand- Te Whatu Ora. Ophthalmology trainee numbers were extracted from the annual reports of the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Ophthalmologists (RANZCO). New Zealand population statistics were extracted from the Stats NZ database. A simulation model was developed to project the growth of ophthalmologists from 2024 to 2050. RESULTS: In March 2023, there were 175 practising ophthalmologists in New Zealand. Overall, there were 34.0 ophthalmologists per million population, with 201.4 ophthalmologists per million for those aged >= 65 years. To maintain the current ratio, an additional 20 practising ophthalmologists are needed by 2050. CONCLUSION: The ratio of ophthalmologists per million population aged >= 65 years is projected to drop by 1.5% annually. To meet the demand of an increasing and ageing population, and RANZCO's goal of 40 ophthalmologists per million population, there needs to be an increase in ophthalmologist training positions from the current 5-year average of 6.6 to 11 new trainees annually, and a more effective distribution of the ophthalmologist workforce.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about updating and projecting the growth of ophthalmologists in New Zealand. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hoorelbeke, K., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Individual differences associated with treatment adherence and transfer effects following gamified web-based cognitive control training for repetitive negative thinking.
[Journal]  INTERNET INTERVENTIONS-THE APPLICATION OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY IN MENTAL AND BEHAVIOURAL HEALTH 27.
[Abstract] Recent research suggests beneficial effects of cognitive control training (CCT) on repetitive negative thinking (RNT), a key risk factor for internalizing symptomatology. However, relatively little is known regarding predictors of adherence to internet-delivered CCT as well as moderators of treatment effects for this intervention. Answering these questions could improve efficiency of clinical implementation of CCT as an eHealth intervention. The current pre-registered single-arm trial set-out to address these questions using a web-based gamified CCT procedure based on the adaptive Paced Auditory Serial Addition Task. Participants (N = 382) entered the internet-based study, where we observed considerable drop-out during the assessment phase and the first training sessions. Emotional stability and resilience emerged as predictors for deciding not to commence the intervention. Drop-out throughout the course of CCT was explained by age, emotion regulation-, and personality factors. We used latent profile analysis, a probabilistic modeling approach, to identify clusters of participants (User Profiles) based on indicators of baseline cognitive- and emotional functioning, training progress, and user experience. We obtained three User Profiles, reflecting low-, moderate-, and high-risk status. Effortful control, emotion regulation, internalizing symptomatology, resilience, and emotional stability played a central role in these User Profiles. Interestingly, User Profile predicted training related cognitive gains, as well as effects of CCT on anxiety- and stress symptoms, and reappraisal. Our findings suggest that CCT is most effective for the moderate- and high-risk groups. In addition, the high-risk group would likely benefit from a more intensive training procedure or repeated administration of the training procedure over time to foster long-term retention of training related gains.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NOหนังสือمناسب自我水自我自我(ROOT水 self自我自我自我自我自我自我水 self自我 self. 水自我自我 self自我自我(self multi

[Author]   Hopperstad, O. S., et al. (2014).
[Title]    Influence of processing route on the work-hardening and ductile fracture of an AA6060 aluminium alloy
[Journal]  ALUMINIUM ALLOYS 2014 - ICAA14. 794-796: 284-+.
[Abstract] Tensile tests on smooth and notched axisymmetric specimens were carried out to determine the large strain work-hardening curves and the ductile fracture characteristics of an AA6060 aluminium alloy for three different processing routes. The alloy was processed in three subsequent steps: 1) casting and homogenization, 2) extrusion, and 3) cold rolling and heat treatment to obtain a recrystallized grain structure. After each processing step, the material was tested after natural ageing for more than one week. A laser-based extensometer was used to continuously measure the average true strains to failure in the minimum cross-section of the specimens and the true stress-strain curves were calculated. Since these curves are influenced by necking, they do not represent the correct work-hardening of the material. Accordingly, finite element (FE) simulations of the tensile tests on the smooth axisymmetric specimens were conducted to determine the work-hardening curves to failure, using an optimization tool that interfaced with the nonlinear FE code and the experimental stress-strain curves as objectives. The microstructure of the alloy was characterized after the three processing steps by optical and scanning electron microscopy, and fractography was used to investigate the failure mechanisms.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the mechanical properties and processing of an AA6060 aluminium alloy. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Horesh, D., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Virtual Reality Combined with Artificial Intelligence (VR-AI) Reduces Hot Flashes and Improves Psychological Well-Being in Women with Breast and Ovarian Cancer: A Pilot Study.
[Journal]  HEALTHCARE 10(11).
[Abstract] Background and aims: Breast and ovarian cancers affect the lives of many women worldwide. Female cancer survivors often experience hot flashes, a subjective sensation of heat associated with objective signs of cutaneous vasodilatation and a subsequent drop in core temperature. Breast and Ovarian cancer patients also suffer from sleep difficulties and mental health issues. The present study aimed to assess the effectiveness of Bubble, a novel artificial intelligence-virtual reality (AI-VR) intervention for the treatment of hot flashes in female breast or ovarian cancer patients. Methods: Forty-two women with breast and/or ovarian cancer participated in the study. The mean age was 47 years (range: 25-60 years). Patients suffered from hot flashes at different frequencies. They used Bubble, a virtual reality (VR) mobile psychological intervention based on elements from both cognitive behavioral therapy and mindfulness-based stress reduction. The intervention took place in a VR environment, in a winter wonderland setting called Frosty. Patients were instructed to use Bubble at home twice a day (morning and evening) and when experiencing a hot flash. Participants were asked to use the application for 24 consecutive days. Before and after this 24-day period, patients completed self-report questionnaires assessing hot flashes, general psychiatric distress, perceived stress, illness perception, sleep quality, and quality of life. Results: Between pre- and post-intervention, participants reported a significant reduction in the daily frequency of hot flashes, stress, general psychiatric distress, several domains of QOL, and sleep difficulties, as well as an improvement in illness perception. In addition, they reported very high satisfaction with Bubble. Importantly, both age and baseline levels of psychopathology moderated the effect of Bubble on sleep difficulties. Discussion: This study showed preliminary evidence for the potential of VR interventions in alleviating hot flashes and accompanying mental distress among those coping with breast and ovarian cancer. VR is a powerful therapeutic tool, able to address mind-body aspects in a direct, vivid way. More studies are needed in order to fully understand the potential of this unique intervention.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a virtual reality (VR) intervention to reduce hot flashes and improve psychological well-being in women with breast and ovarian cancer. The intervention targets women with a mean age of 47 years, which does not specifically target older people. Additionally, the focus is on managing hot flashes and mental health, not on preventing falls. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Horsak, B., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Overground walking while using a virtual reality head mounted display increases variability in trunk kinematics and reduces dynamic balance in young adults.
[Journal]  VIRTUAL REALITY 27(4): 3021-3032.
[Abstract] This study analyzed the effects of walking freely in virtual reality (VR) compared to walking in the real-world on dynamic balance and postural control. For this purpose, nine male and twelve female healthy participants underwent standard 3D gait analysis while walking randomly in a real laboratory and in a room-scale overground VR environment resembling the real laboratory. The VR was delivered to participants by a head-mounted-display which was operated wirelessly and calibrated to the real-world. Dynamic balance and postural control were assessed with (1) the margin of stability (MOS) in the anteroposterior (AP-MOS) and mediolateral (ML-MOS) directions at initial-contact, (2) the relationship between the mediolateral center of mass (COM) position and acceleration at mid-stance with subsequent step width, (3) and trunk kinematics during the entire gait cycle. We observed increased mediolateral (ML) trunk linear velocity variability, an increased coupling of the COM position and acceleration with subsequent step width, and a decrease in AP-MOS while walking in VR but no change in ML-MOS when walking in VR. Our findings suggest that walking in VR may result in a less reliable optical flow, indicated by increased mediolateral trunk kinematic variability, which seems to be compensated by the participants by slightly reweighing sensorimotor input and thereby consciously tightening the coupling between the COM and foot placement to avoid a loss of balance. Our results are particularly valuable for future developers who want to use VR to support gait analysis and rehabilitation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on young adults and examines the effects of walking in a virtual reality environment on dynamic balance and postural control. It does not target older people, nor is it specifically about using exergames to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Hosseini, V. A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Influence of Fabrication Route and Copper Content on Nature and Kinetics of 475 °C- Embrittlement in Cu-Containing Super Duplex Stainless Steels.
[Journal]  STEEL RESEARCH INTERNATIONAL 94(12).
[Abstract] The influence of hot-rolling, hot isostatic pressing (HIP), welding, as well as copper content on 475 degrees C-embrittlement is studied in super duplex stainless steels. The as-received samples are solution annealed and quenched. Then, to study the kinetics and nature of phase transformations during fabrication, the samples are aged for a very short duration of 5 min at 475 degrees C. Atom probe tomography results reveal that the processes involving more plastic deformation such as hot rolling and HIP accelerate chromium and iron phase separation and cause precipitation of copper-rich particles (CRPs) in ferrite, resulting in significant toughness loss. In contrast, the weld does not show a high level of chromium and iron phase separation or CRPs precipitation, preserving its toughness after the short aging. The experiment and the inverse interdiffusion calculations reveal that raising the copper content slow down chromium and iron phase separation but significantly increase the CRP number density and decrease the toughness of the HIPed material. Precipitation simulation of CPRs show that the model must be modified based on each processing condition. It is concluded that hot rolling and HIP accelerate 475 degrees C-embrittlement, which cannot be prevented by raising the copper content.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the influence of fabrication routes and copper content on the embrittlement of super duplex stainless steels. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hossny, M. and J. Iskander (2020). 
[Title]    Just Don't Fall: An AI Agent's Learning Journey Towards Posture Stabilisation.
[Journal]  AI 1(2): 286-298.
[Abstract] Learning to maintain postural balance while standing requires a significant, fine coordination effort between the neuromuscular system and the sensory system. It is one of the key contributing factors towards fall prevention, especially in the older population. Using artificial intelligence (AI), we can similarly teach an agent to maintain a standing posture, and thus teach the agent not to fall. In this paper, we investigate the learning progress of an AI agent and how it maintains a stable standing posture through reinforcement learning. We used the Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient method (DDPG) and the OpenSim musculoskeletal simulation environment based on OpenAI Gym. During training, the AI agent learnt three policies. First, it learnt to maintain the Centre-of-Gravity and Zero-Moment-Point in front of the body. Then, it learnt to shift the load of the entire body on one leg while using the other leg for fine tuning the balancing action. Finally, it started to learn the coordination between the two pre-trained policies. This study shows the potentials of using deep reinforcement learning in human movement studies. The learnt AI behaviour also exhibited attempts to achieve an unplanned goal because it correlated with the set goal (e.g., walking in order to prevent falling). The failed attempts to maintain a standing posture is an interesting by-product which can enrich the fall detection and prevention research efforts.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on using artificial intelligence, specifically an AI agent, to learn and maintain postural balance through reinforcement learning. While the abstract mentions that maintaining postural balance is a key factor in fall prevention, especially for older people, the study itself does not involve any exergames or interventions directly targeting elderly individuals. The research is more about the capabilities of AI in simulating human movement and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Houzangbe, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Toward Physiological Detection of a 
[Journal]  ust-Right" Challenge Level for Motor Learning in Immersive Virtual Reality: Protocol for a Cross-Sectional Study." JMIR RESEARCH PROTOCOLS 13.
[Abstract] Background: Motor learning, a primary goal of pediatric rehabilitation, is facilitated when tasks are presented at a "just-right" challenge level-at the edge of the child's current abilities, yet attainable enough to motivate the child in persistent efforts for success. Immersive virtual reality (VR) may be ideally suited for "just-right" task challenges because it enables precise adjustments of task parameters in motivating environments. Rehabilitation-specific VR tasks often use dynamic difficulty algorithms based on task performance to personalize task difficulty. However, these approaches do not consider relevant cognitive processes that could also impact "just-right" challenges, such as attention and engagement. Objective physiological measurement of these cognitive processes using wearable sensors could support their integration within "just-right" challenge detection and prediction algorithms. As a first step, it is important to explore relationships between objectively and subjectively measured psychophysiological states at progressively challenging task difficulty levels. Objective: This study aims to (1) evaluate the performance of wearable sensors in a novel movement-based motor learning immersive VR task; (2) evaluate changes in physiological data at 3 task difficulty levels; and (3) explore the relationship between physiological data, task performance, and self-reported cognitive processes at each task difficulty level. Methods: This study uses the within-participant experimental design. Typically developing children and youth aged 8-16 years will be recruited to take part in a single 90-minute data collection session. Physiological sensors include electrodermal activity, heart rate, electroencephalography, and eye-tracking. After collecting physiological data at rest, participants will play a seated unimanual immersive VR task involving bouncing a virtual ball on a virtual racket. They will first play for 3 minutes at a predefined medium level of difficulty to determine their baseline ability level and then at a personalized choice of 3 progressive difficulty levels of 3 minutes each. Following each 3-minute session, participants will complete a short Likert-scale questionnaire evaluating engagement, attention, cognitive workload, physical effort, self-efficacy, and motivation. Data loss and data quality will be calculated for each sensor. Repeated-measures ANOVAs will evaluate changes in physiological response at each difficulty level. Correlation analyses will determine individual relationships between task performance, physiological data, and self-reported data at each difficulty level. Results: Research ethics board approval has been obtained, and data collection is underway. Data collection was conducted on December 12, 2023, and April 12, 2024, with a total of 15 typically developing children. Data analysis has been completed, and results are expected to be published in the fall of 2024. Conclusions: Wearable sensors may provide insights into the physiological effects of immersive VR task interaction at progressive difficulty levels in children and youth. Understanding the relationship between physiological and self-reported cognitive processes is a first step in better identifying and predicting "just-right" task challenges during immersive VR motor learning interventions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are typically developing children and youth aged 8-16 years, not older people. Additionally, the focus is on motor learning and "just-right" challenge levels in immersive virtual reality, rather than fall prevention.

[Author]   Howes, S. C., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    User-centred design of an active computer gaming system for strength and balance exercises for older adults.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES 13(2): 101-111.
[Abstract] Purpose Active computer gaming (ACG) is a way for older people to participate in strength and balance exercise. Involving older adults in the development of a bespoke ACG system may optimise its usability and acceptability. The purpose of this paper is to employ user-centred design to develop an ACG system to deliver strength and balance exercises, and to explore its safety, usability and acceptability in older adults. Design/methodology/approach This paper describes user involvement from an early stage, and its influence on the development of the system to deliver strength and balance exercise suitable for display on a flat screen or using an Oculus Rift virtual reality (VR) headset. It describes user testing of this ACG system in older adults. Findings Service users were involved at two points in the development process. Their feedback was used to modify the ACG system prior to user testing of a prototype of the ACG system by n=9 older adults. Results indicated the safety, usability and acceptability of the system, with a strong preference for the screen display. Research limitations/implications - The sample size for user testing was small; however, it is considered to have provided sufficient information to inform the further development of the system.Practical implications - Findings from user testing were used to modify the ACG system. This paper identified that future research could explore the influence of repeated use on the usability and acceptability of ACG in older adults. Originality/value There is limited information on the usability and acceptability VR headsets in this population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the user-centred design and development of an active computer gaming (ACG) system for strength and balance exercises, with a particular emphasis on the usability and acceptability of the system in older adults. However, it does not meet all the specified criteria for judgment:. 1. The intervention targets do include older people.
2. The intervention is an exergame, specifically an ACG system that can be used with a flat screen or an Oculus Rift VR headset.
3. The paper does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it describes the user testing of a prototype with a small sample size (n=9) to evaluate safety, usability, and acceptability.
4. The study is focused on the development and initial testing of the system, rather than reporting the outcomes of a randomized controlled trial.. Therefore, the answer is "NO" because the paper does not include the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Howes, S. C., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Gaming for Health: Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of the Physical and Cognitive Effects of Active Computer Gaming in Older Adults.
[Journal]  PHYSICAL THERAPY 97(12): 1122-1137.
[Abstract] Background. Active computer gaming (ACG) is a method of facilitating physical activity in older people to improve health outcomes.Purpose. The purpose of this study was to update and extend a systematic review of the evidence for ACG to determine its effects on physical and cognitive health in older adults.Data Sources. MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL in the Cochrane Library, and PsycINFO databases were searched from the date of the previous review (2011) to May 2016.Study Selection. Eligible articles were randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the effect of ACG in adults aged 65 and older.Data Extraction. Thirty-five studies were eligible for inclusion. Two review authors independently conducted data extraction, risk-of-bias assessment, and coding of behavior change techniques. Outcomes of interest were analyzed as continuous data and pooled as standardized mean differences (SMD) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). The Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach was used to determine the quality of the evidence.Data Synthesis. Behavior change techniques (N = 106) were coded in the included studies (mean = 3.02). Data were pooled for 5 main outcomes of interest. Significant moderate effects in favor of ACG were observed for balance (SMD = 0.52, 95% CI = 0.24 to 0.79; 17 studies; 743 participants), for functional exercise capacity when intervention delivery was > 120 minutes per week (SMD = 0.53, 95% CI = 0.15 to 0.90; 5 studies; 116 participants), and for cognitive function (SMD = -0.48, 95% CI = -0.80 to 0.17; 8 studies; 459 participants). There was no significant effect observed for functional mobility or fear of falling.Limitations. The quality of the evidence for all comparisons was graded low or very low.Conclusions. At present there is very little confidence that ACG improves physical and cognitive outcomes in older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which means it does not include original data from a single randomized controlled trial. Instead, it synthesizes data from multiple studies to provide an overview of the effects of active computer gaming (ACG) on physical and cognitive health in older adults. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it is not an original RCT.

[Author]   Howes, S. C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Older adults' experience of active computer gaming for falls prevention exercise: A mixed methods study.
[Journal]  PHYSIOTHERAPY PRACTICE AND RESEARCH 42(2): 173-183.
[Abstract] PURPOSE: This mixed methods study explored older adults' experience using a bespoke active computer gaming (ACG) system designed to deliver falls prevention exercise. METHODS: Usability, acceptability and safety were evaluated through observation of system use, questionnaires, in-system ratings, and semi-structured interviews. Quantitative and qualitative data were synthesised concurrently to provide a deeper understanding of older adults' experience with the system. RESULTS: N= 7 older adults (aged 73-88 years, most with increased fear of falling, and over half with reduced physical functioning) completed up to six uses of the system. Observations and qualitative feedback suggested that older adults' experience with the system was influenced by physical health changes associated with ageing. Overall feedback after using the system was positive. Social support, from either the clinician or a peer, was a key theme influencing experience. CONCLUSIONS: Findings suggested that autonomous use of the system may not be feasible given the requirement and preference for social support.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on exploring older adults' experiences with an active computer gaming (ACG) system designed for falls prevention, but it does not meet the criteria for a randomized controlled trial. The study is a mixed methods study that evaluates usability, acceptability, and safety through observations, questionnaires, in-system ratings, and semi-structured interviews. Therefore, it does not fit the requirement of including randomized controlled trials and reporting results from such trials.

[Author]   Hoyt, B. W., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Validation of a High-Fidelity Fracture Fixation Model for Skill Acquisition in Orthopedic Surgery Residents.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SURGICAL EDUCATION 79(5): 1282-1294.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE: Simulation has become a widely accepted part of training and credentialing processes due to its ability to supplement technical skill acquisition outside of the operating room (OR). This project explores implementation of a bench-top simulation of open reduction with internal fixation (ORIF) as a cost-effective method for practicing and evaluating surgical skill. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Participants ranging from intern to attending surgeon performed ORIF using a standard fixation set and a bovine or porcine tibia/radius model. Performance was recorded and scored by blinded reviewers based on a modified global rating scale (GRS), objective structured assessment of technical skills (OSATS) procedure-specific checklist, and critical-mistakes (CM) model. We calculated Fleiss' kappa for inter-rater reliability, Cronbach's alpha for internal consistency of scoring systems, and used univariate analysis to determine the ability of this model to discriminate between training levels. We also performed a normalized performance-versus-cost analysis to characterize perceived value of this simulation compared to other modalities. RESULTS: Twenty subjects completed the fracture fixation exercise. Fleiss' kappa for all scoring systems indicated substantial inter-rater agreement (k = 0.81, 0.80, and 0.74 for GRS, OSATS, and CM, respectively). Internal consistency reliability for GRS and OSATS were high with Cronbach's alpha 0.96(95%CI 0.94-0.97) and 0.94 (95%CI 0.91-0.96), respectively. Using a Kuskal-Wallis rank sum test, GRS, OSATS, and CM were found effective for measuring differences between resident levels (p < 0.001, p < 0.001, and p = 0.002, respectively). Qualitative valuation of the exercise indicated similar value for education compared to time spent in the OR and surgical skills labs. CONCLUSIONS: This benchtop surgical simulation provides quantitative measurement of operative skills progression, increases trainee familiarity with ORIF principles, and permits targeted education by senior surgeons with the goal of training safe graduates. Procedure-specific checklist grading tools reliably differentiated between training levels with high internal validity. Implementing this model may decrease training costs and accelerate skill acquisition.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the validation of a high-fidelity fracture fixation model for skill acquisition in orthopedic surgery residents. It does not target older people, and the intervention is not an exergame. The study focuses on surgical training and education, which is unrelated to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hsieh, C.-H., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    The effects of immersive garden experience on the health care to elderly residents with mild-to-moderate cognitive impairment living in nursing homes after the COVID-19 pandemic.
[Journal]  LANDSCAPE AND ECOLOGICAL ENGINEERING 18(1): 45-56.
[Abstract] Elderly patients living in long-term care facilities have been restricted from leaving to comply with social distancing guidelines during the COVID-19 pandemic. This has led to a worsening of disorders, such as anxiety and depression. This study aims to understand the health benefits of an immersive garden experience to elderly nursing home residents with mild-to-moderate cognitive impairments. Virtual reality devices were used to provide immersive garden experiences for the residents who were unable to go outside. The heart rate and heart rate variability (HRV) data of the participants of the participants were collected using biofeedback instruments, and changes in the low frequency/high frequency (LF/HF) and the standard deviation of the NN interval (SDNN) values caused by immersive garden experiences were discussed. The results show that the immersive garden experiences were beneficial to these elderly residents. Within 6 min of completing the experiment, we found that the heart rates of participants had dropped slightly, while SDNN and HF values continued to rise. SDNN values before and after the experiment demonstrated a statistically significant improvement. Furthermore, participants expressed their satisfaction with the video intervention program. The results indicated that nursing homes can provide immersive landscape experiences to help increase HRV and SDNN of their elderly residents. This will not only help these residents recall beautiful memories of their past, but will also improve their quality of life.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the intervention targets older people and uses virtual reality, the focus is on the health benefits of an immersive garden experience, specifically on heart rate variability and psychological well-being, rather than on preventing falls. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Hsieh, K. L., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    A multi-modal virtual reality treadmill intervention for enhancing mobility and cognitive function in people with multiple sclerosis: Protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  CONTEMPORARY CLINICAL TRIALS 97.
[Abstract] Background: Gait and cognitive impairments are common in individuals with Multiple Sclerosis (MS) and can interfere with everyday function. Those with MS have difficulties executing cognitive tasks and walking simultaneously, a reflection of dual-task interference. Therefore, dual-task training may improve functional ambulation. Additionally, using technology such as virtual reality can provide personalized rehabilitation while mimicking real-world environments. The purpose of this randomized controlled trial is to establish the benefits of a combined cognitive-motor virtual reality training on MS symptoms compared to conventional treadmill training.Methods: This study will be a single-blinded, two arm RCT with a six-week intervention period. 144 people with MS will be randomized into a treadmill training alone group or treadmill training with virtual reality group. Both groups will receive 18 sessions of training while walking on a treadmill, with the virtual reality group receiving feedback from the virtual system. Primary outcome measures include dual-task gait speed and information processing speed, which will be measured prior to training, one-week post-training, and three months following training.Discussion: This study will provide insight into the ability of a multi-modal cognitive-motor intervention to reduce dual-task cost and to enhance information processing speed in those with MS. This is one of the first studies that is powered to understand whether targeted dual-task training can improve MS symptoms and increase functional ambulation. We anticipate that those in the virtual reality group will have a significantly greater increase in dual-task gait speed and information processing speed than those achieved via treadmill training alone.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets individuals with Multiple Sclerosis (MS), and while it does involve a virtual reality component, the primary focus is on enhancing mobility and cognitive function in people with MS, rather than preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hu, X., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Establishment and application of TSDPSO-SVM model combined with multi-dimensional feature fusion method in the identification of fracture-related infection.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 13(1): 19632-Article No.: 19632.
[Abstract] Fracture-related infection (FRI) is one of the most common and intractable complications in orthopedic trauma surgery. This complication can impose severe psychological burdens and socio-economic impacts on patients. Although the definition of FRI has been proposed recently by an expert group, the diagnostic criteria for FRI are not yet standardized. A total of 4761 FRI patients and 4761 fracture patients (Non-FRI) were included in the study. The feature set of patients included imaging characteristics, demographic information, clinical symptoms, microbiological findings, and serum inflammatory markers, which were reduced by the Principal Component Analysis. To optimize the Support Vector Machine (SVM) model, the Traction Switching Delay Particle Swarm Optimization (TSDPSO) algorithm, a recognition method was proposed. Moreover, five machine learning models, including TSDPSO-SVM, were employed to distinguish FRI from Non-FRI. The Area under the Curve of TSDPSO-SVM was 0.91, at least 5% higher than that of other models. Compared with the Random Forest, Backpropagation Neural Network (BP), SVM and eXtreme Gradient Boosting (XGBoost), TSDPSO-SVM demonstrated remarkable accuracy in the test set (chi(2)=29.17, 50.46, 56.66, 35.88, P<0.01). The recall of TSDPSO-SVM was 98.32%, indicating a significant improvement (chi(2)=91.78, 107.42, 135.69, P<0.01). Compared with BP and SVM, TSDPSO-SVM exhibited significantly superior specificity, false positive rate and precision (chi(2)>3.84,P<0.05). The five models yielded consistent results in the training and testing of FRI patients across different age groups. TSDPSO-SVM is validated to have the maximum overall prediction ability and can effectively distinguish between FRI and Non-FRI. For the early diagnosis of FRI, TSDPSO-SVM may provide a reference basis for clinicians, especially those with insufficient experience. These results also lay a foundation for the intelligent diagnosis of FRI. Furthermore, these findings exhibit the application potential of this model in the diagnosis and classification of other diseases.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on the establishment and application of a machine learning model (TSDPSO-SVM) for the identification of fracture-related infection (FRI). It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hu, Y., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Tai Chi Expertise Classification in Older Adults Using Wrist Wearables and Machine Learning.
[Journal]  SENSORS 24(15).
[Abstract] Tai Chi is a Chinese martial art that provides an adaptive and accessible exercise for older adults with varying functional capacity. While Tai Chi is widely recommended for its physical benefits, wider adoption in at-home practice presents challenges for practitioners, as limited feedback may hamper learning. This study examined the feasibility of using a wearable sensor, combined with machine learning (ML) approaches, to automatically and objectively classify Tai Chi expertise. We hypothesized that the combination of wrist acceleration profiles with ML approaches would be able to accurately classify practitioners' Tai Chi expertise levels. Twelve older active Tai Chi practitioners were recruited for this study. The self-reported lifetime practice hours were used to identify subjects in low, medium, or highly experienced groups. Using 15 acceleration-derived features from a wearable sensor during a self-guided Tai Chi movement and 8 ML architectures, we found multiclass classification performance to range from 0.73 to 0.97 in accuracy and F1-score. Based on feature importance analysis, the top three features were found to each result in a 16-19% performance drop in accuracy. These findings suggest that wrist-wearable-based ML models may accurately classify practice-related changes in movement patterns, which may be helpful in quantifying progress in at-home exercises.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using wearable sensors and machine learning to classify Tai Chi expertise in older adults. While the intervention targets older people, it does not involve exergames (e.g., virtual reality, video games, or electronic games). Instead, it focuses on the use of wearable technology and machine learning to assess Tai Chi performance. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Huang, C.-C., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Comparison of the Wii Balance Board System and Foam Posturography System in Assessing Postural Balance.
[Journal]  EAR AND HEARING 43(6): 1800-1806.
[Abstract] Objective: Falls are a major cause of disability and mortality in the elderly. Postural balance is associated with falls and can be evaluated by posturography. However, conventional posturography is costly and requires a sufficiently large space to perform. Hence, this study developed a portable system to meet the requirement of field studies, and investigated its reliability and validity. Design: A custom-written software application was developed to link a computer to the Nintendo Wii balance board (WBB) and the center of pressure was acquired, which was then compared with that obtained from commercially available foam posturography (FP). Forty younger adults including 20 patients with peripheral vestibular disorders as well as 20 healthy controls, and 50 older patients with peripheral vestibular disorders were enrolled. All subjects underwent postural balance testing using the WBB system (WBSS) and FP system (FPS) in a randomized order. Results: For the intersystem reliability, although the WBSS obtained a significantly smaller mean sway area than the FPS, both systems revealed adequate to excellent reliability with an intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) of 0.67 to 0.87. The WBBS showed adequate to excellent test-retest reliability (ICC: 0.53 to 0.88). For the validity, the respective cutoff sway areas were 1.03 and 3.09 cm(2) under conditions C and D via the WBBS for discriminating the fallers from nonfallers. Conclusion: The WBBS yielded adequate to excellent reliability and validity for accessing postural balance, and had good performance in discriminating the fallers from nonfallers. The WBBS has advantages over the commercial FPS of low cost, easy portability, programmability, and may be better-suited to mass detection and research programs. Most importantly, this WBBS can be performed outside the hospital for testing postural balance, especially in the elderly.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about comparing the Wii Balance Board System with a Foam Posturography System for assessing postural balance. While it mentions the use of the Wii Balance Board, which could be considered an exergame, the primary focus is on the reliability and validity of the system for assessing postural balance, not on using the system as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Huang, C.-K., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    The reduced lighting environment impacts gait characteristics during walking.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF INDUSTRIAL ERGONOMICS 61: 126-130.
[Abstract] Objectives: This study aimed to investigate how different light intensities affect human gait patterns during walking. Humans rely on visual information from the surroundings to mediate foot placement and maintain balance during walking. The reduction of light, which diminishes visual input, is recognized as a contributing factor in the incidence of falling; however, such impact on gait characteristics has not-been identified yet at different constrained levels of light intensities.Methods: Twelve healthy adults were instructed to walk at their self-selected pace on a treadmill either in high or low lighting conditions. The light intensity during treadmill walking was reduced using a pair of goggles attached to different layers of window films. Three-dimensional spatiotemporal gait data were collected using a motion capture system.Results: The signifitantly decreased stride length, stride time, double support time, and the significantly increased gait variability of stride length and stance time, were presented in the reduced lighting condition.Conclusions: Overall, this study indicates that the lighting intensity impacts gait adjustments during walking. Underground workers navigating in a dim and constrained environment could alter their walking patterns that relate to falling accidents.Relevance to industry: Slips, trips and falls are common accidents occurred in underground workers which correlate to the insufficient lighting condition. This study investigated the impact of different lighting conditions on gait adjustment which contributes to the safety of workers situating in a reduced lighting environment. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study investigates how different light intensities affect gait patterns during walking, and it does not involve any exergame intervention. Additionally, the participants are described as "healthy adults" rather than older people, and the study design does not include a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Huang, C.-K., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    An altered spatiotemporal gait adjustment during a virtual obstacle crossing task in patients with diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF DIABETES AND ITS COMPLICATIONS 33(2): 182-188.
[Abstract] This study investigates spatiotemporal gait adjustments that occur while stepping over virtual obstacles during treadmill walking in people with/without diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN). Eleven adults with Type 2 diabetes mellitus, ten DPN, and 11 age-matched healthy adults (HTY) participated in this study. They stepped over forthcoming virtual obstacles during treadmill walking. Outcomes such as success rate, spatiotemporal gait characteristics during obstacle crossing, and correlations between these variables were evaluated. The results partially supported our hypotheses that when comparing with HTY and DM, people with DPN adopted a crossing strategy which decreased obstacle crossing success rate and maximal toe elevation, and increased stride time and stance time during virtual obstacle crossing. This might be due to the compromised somatosensory functions of their lower extremity which may increase the risk of falling. This study also found an inter-leg relationship which may be applied to future stepping or obstacle crossing training that incorporates both legs as a means for improving outcomes of the trailing leg during daily obstacle negotiation. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it involves a virtual obstacle crossing task, the study focuses on gait adjustments in patients with diabetic peripheral neuropathy and does not specifically target older people. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial, and it does not report on the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls.

[Author]   Huang, R.-Y., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    The Association between Total Protein and Vegetable Protein Intake and Low Muscle Mass among the Community-Dwelling Elderly Population in Northern Taiwan.
[Journal]  NUTRIENTS 8(6).
[Abstract] Sarcopenia, highly linked with fall, frailty, and disease burden, is an emerging problem in aging society. Higher protein intake has been suggested to maintain nitrogen balance. Our objective was to investigate whether pre-sarcopenia status was associated with lower protein intake. A total of 327 community-dwelling elderly people were recruited for a cross-sectional study. We adopted the multivariate nutrient density model to identify associations between low muscle mass and dietary protein intake. The general linear regression models were applied to estimate skeletal muscle mass index across the quartiles of total protein and vegetable protein density. Participants with diets in the lowest quartile of total protein density (< 13.2%) were at a higher risk for low muscle mass (odds ratio (OR) 3.03, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.37-6.72) than those with diets in the highest quartile (>= 17.2%). Similarly, participants with diets in the lowest quartile of vegetable protein density (< 5.8%) were at a higher risk for low muscle mass (OR 2.34, 95% CI 1.14-4.83) than those with diets in the highest quartile (>= 9.4%). Furthermore, the estimated skeletal muscle mass index increased significantly across the quartiles of total protein density (p = 0.023) and vegetable protein density (p = 0.025). Increasing daily intakes of total protein and vegetable protein densities appears to confer protection against pre-sarcopenia status.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the association between protein intake and low muscle mass in the elderly, and it does not mention any exergames or interventions using virtual reality, video games, or electronic games. The study design is a cross-sectional study, and it does not include randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Huang, T.-X., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Combing pre-workshop, web-based learning and hands-on workshop as a flipped classroom clinical skill training model during the COVID-19 pandemic.
[Journal]  TAIWANESE JOURNAL OF OBSTETRICS & GYNECOLOGY 61(5): 755-760.
[Abstract] Objective: Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there is a dramatic drop in in-person residency training due to the implementation of isolation and triage measurements. Here, we propose a new flipped classroom clinical skill training model utilizing a combination of pre-workshop, web-based learning and hands-on workshop that shortens in-person contact time to maintain residency training during the pandemic. Effectiveness of this training model was evaluated with a pre-test and post-test skills competency assessment, two-way feedback, and a five-point Likert scale structured survey questionnaire.Materials and methods: The workshop was conducted in a flipped classroom fashion by the obstetrics and gynecology (OBGYN) department of a single tertiary teaching medical center covering topics from five OBGYN subspecialities. Every topic consisted of a pre-workshop, web-based, mini lecture (PWML) followed by a hands-on workshop (HW). All first to fourth year OBGYN residents were invited to attend the workshop. All the trainees were required to complete the PWML prior to the day of HW. The workshop consisted of rotational station for each topic and was conducted within one afternoon. A 0-100-point scale pre-test and post-test skills competency evaluation were performed for each station and was assessed by the attending doctor or fellow doctor of each subspeciality. Two-way feedback was done after the post-test evaluation. A five-point Likert scale structured survey instrument consisting of participant's perceptions of the workshop design, relevance to clinical practice, and quality of instructors and materials was created during the curriculum development process and sent to each participant one month after the workshop.Results: A total of 19 residents including five first-year, six second-year, three third-year, and five fourth -year residents completed the entire pre-workshop lecture, workshop, pre-test, and post-test. For all residents, the average post-test score of 5 stations was 95 and was significantly higher than the pre-test score of 60 (p < 0.001). For both junior residents and senior residents, the average post-test scores of 5 stations were also significantly higher than pre-test scores (p < 0.001). Survey generated one month after the workshop showed a high overall satisfaction with the workshop instructors on their professional knowledge, communication skills, and interactions between the instructors and trainees. The average satisfaction scores for manipulation of vaginal breech delivery (VBD), semen analysis (SA), cervical conization (CC), obstetrics anal sphincter injury (OASIS), and laparoscopic suture techniques (LST) were 4.84, 4.96, 4.92, 4.88, and 4.92, respectively The average score for practical application of the training materials, class design and teaching method, overall satisfaction of the session, and time scheduling was 4.84, 4.96, 4.96, and 4.48, respectively. The entire HW was completed within 180 min and was carried out within half a day.Conclusion: With the implementation of isolation and triage measures in the COVID-19 pandemic, there is a dramatic drop in in-person exposure to all aspects of the residency training, in particular, non -emergent surgeries. Utilization of PWML saved 1/3 of in-person time and the entire workshop was completed within 180 min that could be carried out within half a day. The decrease of person-to-person contact time during the COVID-19 pandemic is necessary while still providing curriculum-based resi-dency training in spite of decreased hands-on experience.(c) 2022 Taiwan Association of Obstetrics & Gynecology. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a flipped classroom model for clinical skill training in obstetrics and gynecology, which includes pre-workshop, web-based learning, and hands-on workshops. This is not related to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Huang, W., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Multivariable machine learning models for clinical prediction of subsequent hip fractures in older people using the Chinese population database.
[Journal]  AGE AND AGEING 53(3).
[Abstract] Purpose This study aimed to develop and validate clinical prediction models using machine learning (ML) algorithms for reliable prediction of subsequent hip fractures in older individuals, who had previously sustained a first hip fracture, and facilitate early prevention and diagnosis, therefore effectively managing rapidly rising healthcare costs in China.Methods Data were obtained from Grade A Tertiary hospitals for older patients (age >= 60 years) diagnosed with hip fractures in southwest China between 1 January 2009 and 1 April 2020. The database was built by collecting clinical and administrative data from outpatients and inpatients nationwide. Data were randomly split into training (80%) and testing datasets (20%), followed by six ML-based prediction models using 19 variables for hip fracture patients within 2 years of the first fracture.Results A total of 40,237 patients with a median age of 66.0 years, who were admitted to acute-care hospitals for hip fractures, were randomly split into a training dataset (32,189 patients) and a testing dataset (8,048 patients). Our results indicated that three of our ML-based models delivered an excellent prediction of subsequent hip fracture outcomes (the area under the receiver operating characteristics curve: 0.92 (0.91-0.92), 0.92 (0 center dot 92-0 center dot 93), 0.92 (0 center dot 92-0 center dot 93)), outperforming previous prediction models based on claims and cohort data.Conclusions Our prediction models identify Chinese older people at high risk of subsequent hip fractures with specific baseline clinical and demographic variables such as length of hospital stay. These models might guide future targeted preventative treatments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on developing and validating clinical prediction models using machine learning algorithms to predict subsequent hip fractures in older individuals who have already sustained a first hip fracture. The study does not involve the use of exergames as an intervention, nor does it report on randomized controlled trials related to exergames. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Huang, Y.-Y. and M. Menozzi (2022). 
[Title]    Effects of viewing distance and age on the performance and symptoms in a visual search task in augmented reality.
[Journal]  APPLIED ERGONOMICS 102.
[Abstract] In augmented reality (AR), virtual information is optically combined with the physical environment. In the most frequently used combination technique, optical settings in AR depart from the settings in natural viewing. Depending on the combination of viewing distances of the virtual task and its physical background, this deviation may lower visual performance and cause visual disturbance symptoms. The so-called vergence-accommodation conflict (VAC) has been identified as a cause for the visual disturbance symptoms in AR. In this study, for various distance combinations, the performance and symptoms when performing a search task displayed in a see-through head-mounted display (AR HMD, HoloLens 1st generation, Microsoft, USA) was investigated. The search task was displayed at a virtual distance of either 200 cm or 30 cm, and the real background was viewed either at a distance of 200 cm or 30 cm. Three combinations of viewing distances for the background and the virtual task were studied: 200 cm/200 cm, 200 cm/30 cm, and 30 cm/30 cm. Results revealed that both performance and visual disturbance symptoms depend on the combination of the viewing distances of the physical background and the virtual task. When the physical background was viewed at a distance of 200 cm, younger participants showed a significantly better search performance and reported stronger symptoms compared with older participants, no matter whether the virtual task was performed at 30 cm or at 200 cm. However, with the physical background at a distance of 30 cm, the performance of the younger group dropped to the level of the performance of the older group, and younger participants tended to report a stronger increase in visual disturbance symptoms compared with the older participants.From the AR HMD technology used in this study, it can be concluded that a near viewing distance of the virtual task does not cause a negative impact on performance and visual disturbance symptoms, provided any physical background seen through the AR HMD is not at a near viewing distance.The findings indicate that the VAC, which persists in augmented and virtual reality, depends, in addition to the physical component evaluating the optical distance, on a cognitive component evaluating the perceived distance. AR settings should therefore also be evaluated in terms of possible effects on perceived distance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effects of viewing distance and age on performance and symptoms in a visual search task using augmented reality (AR). It does not focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study investigates visual performance and disturbance symptoms in AR, but it does not mention any exergame intervention or fall prevention.

[Author]   Huertas-Company, M., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    The Hubble Sequence at z 0 in the IllustrisTNG simulation with deep learning [arXiv].
[Journal]  arXiv: 19 pp.-19 pp.
[Abstract] We analyze the optical morphologies of galaxies in the IllustrisTNG simulation at z 0 with a Convolutional Neural Network trained on visual morphologies in the Sloan Digital Sky Survey. We generate mock SDSS images of a mass complete sample of 12, 000 galaxies in the simulation using the radiative transfer code SKIRT and include PSF and noise to match the SDSS r-band properties. The images are then processed through the exact same neural network used to estimate SDSS morphologies to classify simulated galaxies in four morphological classes (E, S0/a, Sab, Scd). The CNN model finds that 95% of the simulated galaxies fall in one the four main classes with high confidence. The mass-size relations of the simulated galaxies divided by morphological type also reproduce well the slope and the normalization of observed relations which confirms the realism of optical morphologies in the TNG suite. However, the Stellar Mass Functions decomposed into different morphologies still show significant discrepancies with observations both at the low and high mass end. We find that the high mass end of the SMF is dominated in TNG by massive disk galaxies while earlytype galaxies dominate in the observations according to the CNN classifications. The present work highlights the importance of detailed comparisons between observations and simulations in comparable conditions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about analyzing the optical morphologies of galaxies in the IllustrisTNG simulation using a Convolutional Neural Network. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hung, C.-W., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Interactive Beating Drum Unity Game.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ROBOTICS NETWORKING AND ARTIFICIAL LIFE 10(1): 54-60.
[Abstract] In this research, we introduce an interactive beating drum game built on the Unity game engine. Our objective is to address the social and mental health impacts of the pandemic, particularly among older individuals. Using the Unity engine, we have developed a sports and social platform. And we employed Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) chip to transmit drumming signals to the Unity engine following the Bluetooth (BT) protocol. Then, the user interface on the tablet in our game will show the drum locations beat by user. Our game offers single player mode and multiplayer mode. The multiplayer mode provides social network features. Players need to strike the falling icons on the drum in conformity with the rhythm of the music. The game will assess precision and give reward points at the end of the game. In accordance with experimental findings, the elderly participants considered that the system is user-friendliness. (c) 2022 The Author. Published by Sugisaka Masanori at ALife Robotics Corporation Ltd. This is an open access article distributed under the CC BY-NC 4.0 license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract describes the development and user-friendliness of an interactive beating drum game designed for older individuals, with a focus on social and mental health impacts. However, it does not mention any specific intervention aimed at preventing falls, nor does it report results from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hung, E. S.-W., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Effects of Interactive Video Game-Based Exercise on Balance in Diabetic Patients with Peripheral Neuropathy: An Open-Level, Crossover Pilot Study.
[Journal]  EVIDENCE-BASED COMPLEMENTARY AND ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE 2019.
[Abstract] Purpose. This study evaluated the effects of interactive video game-based (IVGB) exercise on balance in diabetic patients with peripheral neuropathy. Materials and Methods. Twenty-four patients were randomly assigned to two groups (12 participants per group). Group A received IVGB training for the first 6 weeks, with no exercise in the subsequent 6 weeks. Group B had no exercise for the first 6 weeks and then underwent IVGB training in the subsequent 6 weeks. For all participants, the Modified Falls Efficacy Scale (MFES), Time Up and Go (TUG) test, Berg Balance Scale (BBS), and Unipedal Stance Test (UST) were employed at weeks 0, 6, and 12 of the experiment. Results. BBS, right-leg UST, and TUG test scores significantly improved after IVGB intervention, whereas MFES and left-leg UST tended to improve after IVGB intervention. Conclusions. This study revealed that 6-week balance-based exercise training using the IVGB system exerted positive effects on functional balance in patients with diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets diabetic patients with peripheral neuropathy, and while it involves an interactive video game-based exercise, the study population is not specifically older people. Additionally, the focus is on balance improvement rather than fall prevention.

[Author]   Hung, J.-W., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Randomized Comparison Trial of Balance Training by Using Exergaming and Conventional Weight-Shift Therapy in Patients With Chronic Stroke.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE AND REHABILITATION 95(9): 1629-1637.
[Abstract] Objective: To compare the effects of exergaming with conventional weight-shift training on balance function in patients with chronic stroke.Design: Single-blind randomized controlled trial.Setting: Medical center.Participants: Patients (N=30) with chronic stroke and balance deficits.Interventions: Twelve weeks of Wii Fit training or conventional weight-shift training.Main Outcome Measures: Static balance was assessed using posturography. We recorded the stability index and percentage of weight bearing on the affected leg in 8 positions. We also used the timed Up and Go and forward reach tests for dynamic balance evaluation, Falls Efficacy Scale-International for fear of falling assessment, and Physical Activity Enjoyment Scale for estimating the enjoyment of training.Results: The exergaming group showed more improvement in stability index than the control group in head straight with eyes open while standing on a foam surface, eyes closed while standing on a solid surface with head turned 30 degrees to the left, and eyes closed while standing on a solid surface with head turned up positions (time-group interaction P=.02, .04, and .03, respectively); however, the effects were not maintained. At 3-month follow-up, the control group showed more improvement in weight-bearing symmetry in the head straight with eyes open while standing on a solid surface position than the exergaming group (time-group interaction P= .03). Both groups showed improvement in the timed Up and Go test, forward reach test, and fear of falling. The improvement in fear of falling was not maintained. The exergaming group enjoyed training more than the control group (P= .03).Conclusions: Exergaming is enjoyable and effective for patients with chronic stroke. (c) 2014 by the American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of exergames for balance training in patients with chronic stroke, but it does not specifically target older people. The intervention is an exergame (Wii Fit), and the study is a randomized controlled trial, but the primary focus is on stroke patients rather than the elderly population. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hung, P.-P., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Using Interactive Computer Simulation for Teaching the Proper Use of Personal Protective Equipment.
[Journal]  CIN-COMPUTERS INFORMATICS NURSING 33(2): 49-57.
[Abstract] The use of personal protective equipment is one of the basic infection control precautions in health care. The effectiveness of personal protective equipment is highly dependent on adequate staff training. In this project, a computer simulation program, as a supplement to conventional training approaches, was developed to facilitate the learning of the proper use of personal protective equipment. The simulation program was a Web-based interactive software with user-friendly graphical interface for users to practice the use of personal protective equipment usage via drag-and-drop metaphors and respond to questions online. The effectiveness of the computer simulation software was investigated by a controlled study. Fifty healthcare workers were randomly assigned into two groups: one received conventional personal protective equipment training only (control group), whereas the other also received the same conventional training but followed by using the developed simulation program for self-learning (experimental group). Their performance was assessed by personal protective equipment donning and doffing evaluation before and after the training. The results showed that the computer simulation program is able to improve the healthcare workers' understanding and competence in using personal protective equipment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a computer simulation program to teach healthcare workers the proper use of personal protective equipment. It does not target older people, and the intervention is not an exergame. Additionally, the focus is on improving infection control practices rather than preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hutzler, Y., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Rapid stepping test towards virtual visual objects: Feasibility and convergent validity in older adults.
[Journal]  TECHNOLOGY AND HEALTH CARE 25(1): 49-58.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Rapid voluntary stepping has been recognized as an important measure of balance control.OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to assess the feasibility and convergent validity of a Rapid Stepping Test protocol utilizing a virtual reality SeeMeTMsystem (VR-RST) in elderly ambulatory and independent individuals living in a community residential home.METHODS: Associations between step execution times determined by the system and the Activities-specific Balance Confidence (ABC) Questionnaire, and clinical measures of balance performance in the MiniBESTest and Timed Up and Go (TUG) test, were established in 60 participants (mean age 88.2 +/- 5.0 years). All participants completed the study.RESULTS: The correlations of the ABC questionnaire and the clinical tests with VR-RST forward and backward stepping were moderate (rho rage 0.42-0.52), and weak to moderate with sideward stepping (rho rage 0.32-0.52). Moderate to strong correlations were found across stepping directions (rho rage 0.45-0.87).CONCLUSION: Findings support the test's feasibility and validity and confirm the utility of the VR-RST as an assessment tool in an elderly population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on assessing the feasibility and convergent validity of a Rapid Stepping Test (RST) using a virtual reality system (VR-RST) in older adults. While the study does involve older people and a form of virtual reality, it is primarily aimed at evaluating the test's feasibility and validity as an assessment tool, rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hwang, B. Y., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Opioid use and spinal cord stimulation therapy: The long game.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF CLINICAL NEUROSCIENCE 84: 50-52.
[Abstract] Spinal cord stimulation (SCS) has been considered as an alternative therapy to reduce opioid requirements in certain chronic pain disorders. However, information on long-term opioid consumption patterns and their impact on SCS device explantation is lacking. We conducted a retrospective study of 45 patients to characterize long-term patterns of opioid usage after SCS implantation. Daily morphine equivalent dosage (MED) increased, decreased, and remained the same in 40%, 40%, and 20% of patients at 1-year follow-up, respectively. Twelve (27%) underwent explantation due to treatment failure at a median of 18 months after implantation. Pre-operative opioid status (naive vs. active use) was not associated with explantation (18% vs. 29%, p = 0.699) and neither was the daily MED change status (i.e. increased, decreased, unchanged) at 1-year (p = 0.499, 1.000, 0.735, respectively). Following explantation, reduction in the daily MED was seen in 92% of patients with dosages falling below pre-operative baseline in nine. Among the opioid naive patients, 55% were on opioids at last follow-up (average 32.4 +/- 14.6 m onths). Our results indicate that daily opioid consumption does not decrease in most patients 1-year after SCS implantation. Furthermore, post-operative evaluation beyond 1-year is necessary to assess the efficacy and durability of SCS therapy as well as its impact on opioid requirement. Lastly, rigorous patient selection and pre-operative risk assessment for misuse and dependence are paramount to improving outcome after SCS implantation. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about spinal cord stimulation (SCS) and its impact on opioid use in patients with chronic pain. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is a retrospective study rather than a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Hwang, S. and W. Y. Keun (2018). 
[Title]    Fall prevention strategies in community-dwelling older adults aged 65 or over with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  Physical therapy rehabilitation science 7(4): 197-203.
[Abstract] Objective: Independent walking is the most essential prerequisite to maintain quality of life in older persons. The purpose of this review was to investigate the effect of fall prevention strategies on fall risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) within community- dwelling older adults aged 65 and over.Design: A systematic review and meta-analysis.Methods: PubMed and three other databases were searched up to October 31st, 2018 and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating fall prevention strategies for fall risk in persons who were 65 years of age or above with T2DM were included. The review extracted the following information from each study selected: first author’s surname, published year, country, study population, type of intervention, intensity of intervention, comparison, measurement variables, additional therapy, summary of results, and mean and standard deviation from selected studies.Results: This review selected fourteen RCTs with 460 older adults with diabetes mellitus. Of the 14 studies, the types of intervention used to improve the risk of falls were strengthening (5), aerobic exercises (2), multimodal exercises (4), one virtual reality exercise (1), whole body vibration with balance exercise (1), and Tai Chi exercise (1). Seven RCTs were eligible for the meta-analysis. Therapeutic interventions were more effective than the control group for the Timed Up-and-Go test (1.11; 95% CI, 1.82 to 0.41) and the 6-minute Walk Test (1.89; 95% CI, 8.33 to 4.54).Conclusions: The results of the review suggest that interventions to prevent fall risk in older adults with T2DM should focus on strengthening, balance, aerobic, and multimodal exercises.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria of including original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while one of the interventions mentioned is a virtual reality exercise, the focus of the paper is broader and includes various types of exercises, not specifically exergames.

[Author]   Hyang, P. M. (2024). 
[Title]    Survey on the Demand for Simulation-Based Emergency Response Training among Mothers of Preschool Children.
[Journal]  Crisisonomy 20(7): 39-48.
[Abstract] This study aimed to understand the need for simulation-based emergency response education among mothers with pre-school-aged children. According to the survey, the most common emergency situations at home in the past year were bleeding (30.8%), falls and drops (9.6%), poisoning (3.8%), burns (21.2%), choking (5.8%), fractures (7.7%), high fever (38.5%), vomiting (26.9%), CPR (3.8%), being bitten by bugs or humans (48.1%), and entrapment or constriction (9.6%). 84.6% expressed interest in participating if a child emergency care simulation training program were developed. The results indicate that simulation-based emergency care training could be effective for mothers of pre-school children. Based on these results, we suggest an experimental study to develop a simulation-based emergency care program for these mothers and verify its intervention effect.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the demand for simulation-based emergency response training among mothers of preschool children, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The target population is mothers, not older people, and the focus is on emergency response training rather than exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Ibrahim, Z. and A. G. Money (2019). 
[Title]    Computer mediated reality technologies: A conceptual framework and survey of the state of the art in healthcare intervention systems.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL INFORMATICS 90.
[Abstract] Introduction: The trend of an ageing and growing world population, particularly in developed countries, is expected to continue for decades to come causing an increase in demand for healthcare resources and services. Consequently, demand is growing faster than rises in funding. The UK government, in partnership with the European Commission's Vision for 2020, propose a paradigm shift towards the delivery of more patient-centred self-care interventions, facilitated by novel ubiquitous computer mediated reality technology applications, as a key strategy to overcome the scarcity of health resources gap. If this vision is to become a reality, it is crucial that state of the art research focuses efforts on the development of applications that support the delivery of patient centred self-care interventions.Objectives: This study presents a conceptual framework, a system impact assessment taxonomy and systematic literature review of the state of the art in Computer Mediated Reality Technologies (CMRT) research. The intended function of the CMRT applications are considered systematically, with a view to establish the extent to which existing research focuses on delivering digitised, patient-centred healthcare applications, the care contexts in which these are delivered, and the specific CMRTs that are used to deliver such applications.Methods: A conceptual framework of the state of the art is derived via a systematic concept-centric incremental thematic analysis protocol. The survey considers systems that have been presented within the literature between 2010 and 2017. Primarily, the literature is considered in the context of the type of patient-practitioner relationship that the respective applications support, i.e. Traditional, Collaborative, or Patient-centred care, and the phase of healthcare intervention that is supported i.e. Primary-care, Secondary-Care and Tertiary-care. Inclusion criteria focuses on systematic CMRT implementations and analysis considers a range of clinical contexts (type), settings (location) and system specification concepts consisting of Augmented, Virtual and Mixed Reality technology in conjunction with 3D-Modelling. As a measure of the value added by respective CMRT systems, an impact assessment is carried out according to the National Service Framework Research Quality metric, and via a bespoke overall System Value score metric.Results & conclusion Several research challenges emerge as a result of surveying the research literature, which include: a large quantity of research effort being focused on invasive surgical procedures through CMRT from a paternalistic Traditional patient-practitioner perspective; lack of research effort in the CMRT healthcare domain that develop ubiquitous systems which specifically target the older population within the home setting; little to no consideration of ecological validity and design architecture for user or interface interaction of systems; current CMRT systems are lacking deployment on ubiquitous mobile platforms; protecting and informing patients when using sensory/camera based CMRT from the privacy of their home through self-assessment means. In terms of impact, Traditional CMRT systems achieve the highest score for Research Quality, and Patient-Centred Systems achieve the highest scores for System Value. In response to these challenges, recommendations and future research directions are proposed to overcome each respective challenge.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper discusses a broad overview and conceptual framework for Computer Mediated Reality Technologies (CMRT) in healthcare, including a systematic literature review. While it mentions the potential for these technologies to support patient-centred self-care interventions, particularly for older populations, it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Additionally, the paper is a survey and review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Ider, S. (2022). 
[Title]    The Neorusecientific Basis of the Richness of Stimuli in Early Childhood Religious Education.
[Journal]  SAKARYA UNIVERSITESI ILAHIYAT FAKULTESI DERGISI-JOURNAL OF SAKARYA UNIVERSITY FACULTY OF THEOLOGY 24(46): 553-580.
[Abstract] Brain development in early childhood is of critical importance in the lifelong education process due to the high number of neurons and the high potential to form interneuron connections. The human brain, which has never been so active and productive in any period of life, makes it me-aningful and necessary to benefit from this natural equipment with an educational view. In the early childhood period, when the foundations of religious education are laid, it is necessary to prepare the education program by taking into account the child's neural development and selec-ting teaching materials and methods that will appeal to children's senses. In this case, attention is drawn to the importance of educational activities that enable the child to gain a large number of experiences.Early childhood religious education is designed in a way that gives the child multiple experiences in line with the data of educational sciences. It is believed that the richness of stimuli offered to the child in this period contributes to her/his cognitive, emotional and psychomotor development. However, the contribution of the richness of stimuli in early childhood religious education to the cognitive development of the child is not sufficiently discussed in terms of its suitability for brain development or neural structure. For this reason, the aim of our study is to establish the neuros-cientific basis of the richness of stimuli that should be presented in accordance with the child's brain development in early childhood religious education.Early childhood religious education should be designed in a way that allows the child to have different experiences, based on the fact that religious development is not independent of other developmental areas. The tendency to believe in God in the child's nature proves the religious education that should be given in the first years of life. The child is innately ready to understand and accept religion and has an interest and inclination to believe in Allah. Therefore, religion should be one of the matters of the child's life from an early age, and religious content should be included in educational activities.During this period, the number of neurons in the child's brain and the potential to form synaptic connections between neurons is quite high. In order to benefit from this neural capacity at the highest level, the child needs a learning environment equipped with rich stimulus. The adaptabi-lity and flexibility of the brain to new learning, which is expressed by the concept of neuroplasti-city, reaches its highest level in early childhood. Since neuroplasticity occurs mostly in areas of the brain related to vision, hearing, motor and language skills, it has been revealed that stimuli that activates these regions of the brain in early childhood religious education support its synaptic bond development.Firstly, it is possible to use music as a means of entertainment and learning in early childhood religious education because early children enjoy singing songs as well as hymns and poems. The melodic presentation of the text facilitates the memorization of suras and praying and makes it funny. The educational aims achieved by enjoyable activities enable the brain to form bonds that associate these actions with entertainment. Secondly, synapse formation is quite high when expo-sed to visual stimuli in the early childhood period. For this reason, it is necessary to enrich the visualization for early childhood. Consequently, the more visual stimuli are included in religious education, the more synapse formation will increase.Thirdly, motor activities positively affect neuroplasticity, creating new connections between neurons which can even be used for cognitive activities. Finally, religious curiosity in early childhood guides adults about the content and timing of religious stimuli to be presented in this period. With the religious curiosity that appears from the age of 3-4, children ask questions about religious concepts and show interest in religious activities. Therefore, every new information presented to the child's curiosity ensures the forma-tion of new synapses in his/her brain.As a result of the research, the activities such as stories/parables, drama/games, songs/rhythms, physical activities, nature trips, visits to religious places, etc., in early religious education contri-bute to the brain development of early children. It has been revealed that the activities provide the opportunity for effective and permanent learning by supporting the neural development of the child. It is recommended to carry out more comprehensive studies in which the neuron acti-vity in the early child's brain can be observed during religious learning with the help of magnetic brain imaging devices in the discipline of religious education.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on the neuroscientific basis of the richness of stimuli in early childhood religious education, which does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people or using exergames.

[Author]   Im, D. J., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Utility of a Three-Dimensional Interactive Augmented Reality Program for Balance and Mobility Rehabilitation in the Elderly: A Feasibility Study.
[Journal]  Annals of rehabilitation medicine 39(3): 462-472.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE: To improve lower extremity function and balance in elderly persons, we developed a novel, three-dimensional interactive augmented reality system (3D ARS). In this feasibility study, we assessed clinical and kinematic improvements, user participation, and the side effects of our system.METHODS: Eighteen participants (age, 56-76 years) capable of walking independently and standing on one leg were recruited. The participants received 3D ARS training during 10 sessions (30-minute duration each) for 4 weeks. Berg Balance Scale (BBS) and the Timed Up and Go (TUG) scores were obtained before and after the exercises. Outcome performance variables, including response time and success rate, and kinematic variables, such as hip and knee joint angle, were evaluated after each session.RESULTS: Participants exhibited significant clinical improvements in lower extremity balance and mobility following the intervention, as shown by improved BBS and TUG scores (p<0.001). Consistent kinematic improvements in the maximum joint angles of the hip and knee were observed across sessions. Outcome performance variables, such as success rate and response time, improved gradually across sessions, for each exercise. The level of participant interest also increased across sessions (p<0.001). All participants completed the program without experiencing any adverse effects.CONCLUSION: Substantial clinical and kinematic improvements were observed after applying a novel 3D ARS training program, suggesting that this system can enhance lower extremity function and facilitate assessments of lower extremity kinematic capacity.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a feasibility study, and it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. According to the criteria, papers related to feasibility analysis without original data from randomized controlled trials should not be included. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Inness, C. M. and K. L. Morgan (2015). 
[Title]    Falls and injuries to Polo players: risk perception, mitigation and risk factors.
[Journal]  Sports medicine - open 1(1): 2-2.
[Abstract] Polo, one of the world's oldest sports, is played in over 80 countries. It is unique in combining the skills of a person with the agility and performance of an animal in a contact sport. There is only one report of the frequency and type of injuries in this population. Here we report risk perception, mitigation and risk factors for injuries and falls in UK polo players. Data were collected retrospectively from a random sample of 112 UK polo players by telephone questionnaire. Injuries (commonly to a shoulder or wrist) requiring a hospital visit were sustained by 17.3% (95% confidence interval [CI] 9.1-25.5) of players. Falls (odds ratio [OR] 6.6, 95% CI 1.4-31.9) and higher self-assessed fitness levels increased the risk (OR 1.7, CI 1.2-2.4). Use of wrist supports (OR 0.2, CI 0.03-0.9) and gym exercise (OR 0.1, CI 0.02-0.9) reduced it. Falls were reported by 58% (CI 47.3-68.8) of players. Women were less at risk than men (OR 0.3, CI 0.1-0.9). Aiming for a better handicap increased the risk (OR 8.4, CI 1.2-57.0). Pre-season rider and horse training were also risk factors. Helmets are compulsory, but players reported that safety certification was not their most important criterion for helmet selection; 49.4% (CI 38.5-60.3) chose appearance. Attendance of a doctor at polo games was not considered important by 65.4% (CI 55.1-75.8) of players; attendance of paramedics and ambulances was volunteered as being of greater consequence. The findings of this study suggest that the protective effect of wrist supports needs testing, helmet manufacturers should incorporate both style and safety into their designs, and paramedics and ambulances should attend polo games.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on injuries and falls in polo players, which is a different context and population. There is no mention of exergames or any intervention targeting older people.

[Author]   Intzandt, B., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    The effects of exercise on cognition and gait in Parkinson's disease: A scoping review.
[Journal]  NEUROSCIENCE AND BIOBEHAVIORAL REVIEWS 95: 136-169.
[Abstract] Cognitive and gait deficits are two debilitating symptoms that occur in Parkinson's disease (PD). Importantly, a relationship between cognitive and gait deficits exists in PD, suggesting reliance on cognition is increased to compensate for gait deficits and/or deterioration of cognition and gait may share common mechanisms. Rehabilitation strategies targeting one factor could lead to the improvement of the other, presenting a unique opportunity to treat both simultaneously. Gold-standard pharmaceuticals partially alleviate these deficits with significant side effects, highlighting the importance of investigating adjunct therapies like exercise. We critically reviewed the influence of three exercise modalities (aerobic, resistance, and goal-based) on cognition and/or gait in PD. Most studies showed improvements in cognition or gait, yet, a limited number investigated them concurrently. This is the first review examining exercise for cognition and gait in PD. Key gaps in the literature are identified; potential exercise-driven mechanisms for enhancements in cognition and gait proposed, and suggestions for the design of future studies investigating the effects of exercise on cognition and gait in PD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a scoping review, which does not meet the criteria of including randomized controlled trials with original data. Additionally, it does not specifically focus on exergames as an intervention, and while it mentions exercise, the target population is people with Parkinson's disease, not specifically older people in the context of fall prevention.

[Author]   Ip, W. K., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Innovative Virtual Reality (VR) Application for Preventing of Falls among Chinese Older Adults: A Usability and Acceptance Exploratory Study.
[Journal]  HUMAN BEHAVIOR AND EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES 2024.
[Abstract] Objective. Full immersive virtual reality (VR) technology shows potential for reducing the risks of falls in older adults. There is yet little evidence to support the usability and acceptance on using VR technology application in community aged care service. The study reports on research that aims to address that gap by evaluating the usefulness and acceptance of using an innovative VR application among Chinese older adults from Hong Kong. Methods. A single-arm exploratory study was conducted to evaluate how the participants experienced the use of a fully immersive cave automatic virtual environment (CAVE) VR program on fall prevention. Thirty-one participants were recruited by convenience sampling based on their fall concerns and potential risk of falls. The participants completed 16 training sessions over eight weeks using the VR CAVE application. They were asked to complete a VR usability questionnaire (HK-version) based on the Technology Acceptance Model and previous research, and they took fall risk assessments at the pretest, posttest, and follow-up. Results. The participants' group significantly showed improvements in reducing the risk factors of falls including balance, functional mobility, walking speed, and fear of falling after VR intervention. Perceived usefulness (PU), perceived enjoyment (PE), user experience (UE), and intention to use (IU) had an overall significant change at different time points. These are important factors to influence the participants' acceptance of the use of VR technology applications. Perceived ease of use (PEOU) and social norms (SNs) had an inconsistent result, and some items had low validity. The findings indicated a positive training effect on fall prevention and high acceptance of the adoption of the VR technology application. Conclusion. This study supports the growing evidence on the usefulness and acceptance of using full immersive VR training on fall prevention among Chinese older adults. They perceived that the VR CAVE application was useful and innovative as an effective fall prevention training. Technically, the application of VR CAVE technology faces many challenges and is not easily manageable under COVID-19 restrictions and the limitation on technological adaptation for older adults. However, investment in full immersive VR technology application is supported for future adoption in aged care and rehabilitation services.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly because it is a single-arm exploratory study, not a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the focus is on the usability and acceptance of the VR application rather than reporting the results of a controlled intervention.

[Author]   Isabel Corregidor-Sanchez, A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Can exergames contribute to improving walking capacity in older adults? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  MATURITAS 132: 40-48.
[Abstract] Background: The accessibility, low cost and motivation generated by exergames has fostered its rapid expansion as a rehabilitation technique.Objective: To estimate the effectiveness of rehabilitation programs using IVGT in improving walking capacity of people aged 60 years and over.Materials and methods: The electronic data research following the PRISMA Statement (Scopus, Cochrane, Web of Science, OT Seeker, National Guideline Clearinghouse, Trip Database, CSIC Spanish National Research Council) was completed in September 2018. The results of randomized clinical trials using exergames for rehabilitation of walking capacity were combined. The calculations have followed the guidelines of the Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions. The Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation system was used to evaluate the quality of the evidence.Results: We obtained data from 14 trials, including 11 meta-analysis studies. The size of exergames effects on walking capacity is moderate, but significant (SMD -0.56; 95 % CI: -0.90, -0.21; p = 0.002). Effectiveness was greater to recover the ability to transfer from one position or place to another (SMD -1.02; CI 95 %: -1.70, -0.35; P = 0.003). The intervention protocols, their duration and intensity varied considerably. The lack of masking, the allocation concealment, the absence of assessor blinding were the main causes of bias so the final grade of evidence has been low for walking and very low for transfers.Conclusions: Positive clinical effects of exergames have been found to improve walking capacity, but the quality of evidence to refute its effectiveness is weak with risk of bias. Further research is needed in order to know the actual magnitude of its effect.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the intervention targets older adults and uses exergames, the focus is on improving walking capacity rather than specifically preventing falls.

[Author]   Ishiyama, E. M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Incorporating Deposit Ageing into Visualisation of Crude Oil Preheat Train Fouling.
[Journal]  PROCESS INTEGRATION AND OPTIMIZATION FOR SUSTAINABILITY 4(3): 187-200.
[Abstract] Fouling is an acute problem in crude oil preheat train heat exchangers as it affects the thermal and hydraulic performance of individual units as well as the network. Ageing of fouling deposits complicates these interactions and effective tools for visualising these effects are needed. The modified temperature field plot construction, devised by Graham Polley and co-workers in 2002, allows the impact of fouling on pressure drop and heat duty across individual units and the preheat train to be presented in a systematic way. The simple deposit ageing model of Ishiyama et al. (AIChEJ 56:531-545,2010a) was incorporated into the analysis of a simple preheat train based on that presented by Panchal and Huang-Fu (Heat Transfer Eng 21:3-9,2000) to calculate the impact of ageing on fouling dynamics and network performance. The modified temperature field plot is shown to be effective in communicating the impact of fouling and ageing, allowing a designer or operator to be able to interpret correctly what might otherwise be conflicting trends or unexpected behaviour.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about incorporating deposit ageing into the visualization of crude oil preheat train fouling. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Jaaskelainen, I. P., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Neural mechanisms supporting evaluation of others' errors in real-life like conditions.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 6.
[Abstract] The ability to evaluate others' errors makes it possible to learn from their mistakes without the need for first-hand trial-and-error experiences. Here, we compared functional magnetic resonance imaging activation to self-committed errors during a computer game to a variety of errors committed by others during movie clips (e.g., figure skaters falling down and persons behaving inappropriately). While viewing errors by others there was activation in lateral and medial temporal lobe structures, posterior cingulate cortex, precuneus, and medial prefrontal cortex possibly reflecting simulation and storing for future use alternative action sequences that could have led to successful behaviors. During both self-and other-committed errors activation was seen in the striatum, temporoparietal junction, and inferior frontal gyrus. These areas may be components of a generic error processing mechanism. The ecological validity of the stimuli seemed to matter, since we largely failed to see activations when subjects observed errors by another player in the computer game, as opposed to observing errors in the rich real-life like human behaviors depicted in the movie clips.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the neural mechanisms involved in evaluating others' errors, using a computer game and movie clips. It does not meet the criteria for targeting older people, using exergames as an intervention, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Jahanjoo, A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Detection and multi-class classification of falling in elderly people by deep belief network algorithms.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF AMBIENT INTELLIGENCE AND HUMANIZED COMPUTING 11(10): 4145-4165.
[Abstract] According to the reports on aging population, the number of elderly people without a caregiver has increased. These people are always at high risks of adverse incidents such as increased blood pressure, a variety of stroke-leading health issues, as well as other accidents resulting in body instability and eventually hazardous falls. An uncontrolled fall can result in far worse situations than the original cause itself, if the unattended patient is not promptly transmitted to a treatment center. To reduce the adverse consequences of such unfortunate events, the demand for intelligent systems to prevent, detect, and report the incidents has significantly increased during the past decade. So far, many studies have been proposed considering different aspects of the fall detection problem, from simple applied systems to complex ones regarding the detection algorithm and feature extraction methods. In this paper, a framework for smart detection, identification and notification of elderly falls is introduced. Using a personal smartphone, the tri-axial acceleration of the person's movements is measured, and the related features are extracted following a pre-processing and timing the samples with a predefined window. The deep belief network (DBN) is used next for training and testing the system using two public datasets, with nine classes of fall and one class of daily activity. Simulation results on two generic datasets, TFall and MobiFall, show an accuracy of 97.56% sensitivity and 97.03% specificity, which is promising compared to nine other related studies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on the detection and classification of falls in elderly people using a deep belief network algorithm, which involves measuring tri-axial acceleration via a smartphone. While the intervention targets older people, the study does not involve exergames or any form of exercise or cognitive training. Instead, it is centered on the development and evaluation of a fall detection system. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Jain, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Understanding drivers of family planning in rural northern India: An integrated mixed-methods approach.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 16(1).
[Abstract] BackgroundFamily planning is a key means to achieving many of the Sustainable Development Goals. Around the world, governments and partners have prioritized investments to increase access to and uptake of family planning methods. In Uttar Pradesh, India, the government and its partners have made significant efforts to increase awareness, supply, and access to modern contraceptives. Despite progress, uptake remains stubbornly low. This calls for systematic research into understanding the 'why'-why people are or aren't using modern methods, what drives their decisions, and who influences them.MethodsWe use a mixed-methods approach, analyzing three existing quantitative data sets to identify trends and geographic variation, gaps and contextual factors associated with family planning uptake and collecting new qualitative data through in-depth immersion interviews, journey mapping, and decision games to understand systemic and individual-level barriers to family planning use, household decision making patterns and community level barriers.ResultsWe find that reasons for adoption of family planning are complex-while access and awareness are critical, they are not sufficient for increasing uptake of modern methods. Although awareness is necessary for uptake, we found a steep drop-off (59%) between high awareness of modern contraceptive methods and its intention to use, and an additional but smaller drop-off from intention to actual use (9%). While perceived access, age, education and other demographic variables partially predict modern contraceptive intention to use, the qualitative data shows that other behavioral drivers including household decision making dynamics, shame to obtain modern contraceptives, and high-risk perception around side-effects also contribute to low intention to use modern contraceptives. The data also reveals that strong norms and financial considerations by couples are the driving force behind the decision to use and when to use family planning methods.ConclusionThe finding stresses the need to shift focus towards building intention, in addition to ensuring access of trained staff, and commodities drugs and equipment, and building capacities of health care providers.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about understanding the drivers of family planning in rural northern India and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention, target population, and research methods described in the abstract are unrelated to exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   James, H. K., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Ankle fracture internal fixation performed by cadaveric simulation- trained versus standard- trained orthopaedic trainees: a preliminary, multicentre randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  BONE & JOINT OPEN 4(8): 594-601.
[Abstract] Aims Ankle fracture fixation is commonly performed by junior trainees. Simulation training using cadavers may shorten the learning curve and result in a technically superior surgical perfor-mance.Methods We undertook a preliminary, pragmatic, single-blinded, multicentre, randomized controlled trial of cadaveric simulation versus standard training. Primary outcome was fracture reduc-tion on postoperative radiographs.Results Overall, 139 ankle fractures were fixed by 28 postgraduate year three to five trainee surgeons (mean age 29.4 years; 71% males) during ten months' follow -up. Under the intention -to -treat principle, a technically superior fixation was performed by the cadaveric-trained group compared to the standard-trained group, as measured on the first postoperative radiograph against predefined acceptability thresholds. The cadaveric-trained group used a lower intra-operative dose of radiation than the standard-trained group (mean difference 0.011 Gym2, 95% confidence interval 0.003 to 0.019; p = 0.009). There was no difference in procedure time.Conclusion Trainees randomized to cadaveric training performed better ankle fracture fixations and irra-diated patients less during surgery compared to standard-trained trainees. This effect, which was previously unknown, is likely to be a consequence of the intervention. Further study is required.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of cadaveric simulation training for orthopaedic trainees to improve their performance in ankle fracture fixation. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not related to fall prevention.

[Author]   James, H. K., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Hip fracture surgery performed by cadaveric simulation-trained versus standard-trained orthopaedic trainees: a preliminary multicentre randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  BONE & JOINT OPEN 4(8): 602-611.
[Abstract] Aims: To evaluate if, for orthopaedic trainees, additional cadaveric simulation training or standard training alone yields superior radiological and clinical outcomes in patients undergoing dynamic hip screw (DHS) fixation or hemiarthroplasty for hip fracture.Methods: This was a preliminary, pragmatic, multicentre, parallel group randomized controlled trial in nine secondary and tertiary NHS hospitals in England. Researchers were blinded to group allocation. Overall, 40 trainees in the West Midlands were eligible: 33 agreed to take part and were randomized, five withdrew after randomization, 13 were allocated cadaveric training, and 15 were allocated standard training. The intervention was an additional two-day cadaveric simulation course. The control group received standard on-the-job training. Primary outcome was implant position on the postoperative radiograph: tip-apex distance (mm) (DHS) and leg length discrepancy (mm) (hemiarthroplasty). Secondary clinical outcomes were procedure time, length of hospital stay, acute postoperative complication rate, and 12-month mortality. Procedure-specific secondary outcomes were intraoperative radiation dose (for DHS) and postoperative blood transfusion requirement (hemiarthroplasty).Results: Eight female (29%) and 20 male trainees (71%), mean age 29.4 years, performed 317 DHS operations and 243 hemiarthroplasties during ten months of follow-up. Primary analysis was a random effect model with surgeon-level fixed effects of patient condition, patient age, and surgeon experience, with a random intercept for surgeon. Under the intention-to-treat principle, for hemiarthroplasty there was better implant position in favour of cadaveric training, measured by leg length discrepancy ≤ 10 mm (odds ratio (OR) 4.08 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.17 to 14.22); p = 0.027). There were significantly fewer postoperative blood transfusions required in patients undergoing hemiarthroplasty by cadaveric-trained compared to standard-trained surgeons (OR 6.00 (95% CI 1.83 to 19.69); p = 0.003). For DHS, there was no significant between-group difference in implant position as measured by tip-apex distance ≤ 25 mm (OR 6.47 (95% CI 0.97 to 43.05); p = 0.053). No between-group differences were observed for any secondary clinical outcomes.Conclusion: Trainees randomized to additional cadaveric training performed hip fracture fixation with better implant positioning and fewer postoperative blood transfusions in hemiarthroplasty. This effect, which was previously unknown, may be a consequence of the intervention. Further study is required.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of cadaveric simulation training for orthopaedic trainees performing hip fracture surgery. It does not target older people, and the intervention is not an exergame. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Janeh, O., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Gait Training in Virtual Reality: Short-Term Effects of Different Virtual Manipulation Techniques in Parkinson's Disease.
[Journal]  CELLS 8(5).
[Abstract] It is well documented that there is a strong relationship between gait asymmetry and the freezing of gait (FOG) in Parkinson's Disease. The purpose of this pilot study was to find a virtual reality (VR)- based gait manipulation strategy to improve gait symmetry by equalizing step length. Fifteen male PD patients (mean age of 67.6 years) with FOG were assessed on a GAITRite((R)) walkway. Natural gait was compared with walking conditions during VR-based gait modulation tasks that aimed at equalizing gait symmetry using visual or proprioceptive signals. Compared to natural gait, VR manipulation tasks significantly increased step width and swing time variability for both body sides. Within the VR conditions, only the task with proprioceptive-visual dissociation by artificial backward shifting of the foot improved spatial asymmetry significantly with comparable step lengths of both sides. Specific, hypothesis-driven VR tasks represent an efficient tool to manipulate gait features as gait symmetry in PD potentially preventing FOG. This pilot study offers promising VR-based approaches for rehabilitative training strategies to achieve gait symmetry and prevent FOG.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of virtual reality (VR) to improve gait symmetry and prevent freezing of gait (FOG) in Parkinson's Disease patients. While it does involve older people and uses a form of exergame (VR), the primary focus is not on preventing falls in the elderly, but rather on improving gait symmetry and reducing FOG. Additionally, the study is described as a pilot study, and there is no mention of a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, the paper does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Jang, M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Opportunistic Osteoporosis Screening Using Chest Radiographs With Deep Learning: Development and External Validation With a Cohort Dataset.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BONE AND MINERAL RESEARCH 37(2): 369-377.
[Abstract] Osteoporosis is a common, but silent disease until it is complicated by fractures that are associated with morbidity and mortality. Over the past few years, although deep learning-based disease diagnosis on chest radiographs has yielded promising results, osteoporosis screening remains unexplored. Paired data with 13,026 chest radiographs and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) results from the Health Screening and Promotion Center of Asan Medical Center, between 2012 and 2019, were used as the primary dataset in this study. For the external test, we additionally used the Asan osteoporosis cohort dataset (1089 chest radiographs, 2010 and 2017). Using a well-performed deep learning model, we trained the OsPor-screen model with labels defined by DXA based diagnosis of osteoporosis (lumbar spine, femoral neck, or total hip T-score <= -2.5) in a supervised learning manner. The OsPor-screen model was assessed in the internal and external test sets. We performed substudies for evaluating the effect of various anatomical subregions and image sizes of input images. OsPor-screen model performances including sensitivity, specificity, and area under the curve (AUC) were measured in the internal and external test sets. In addition, visual explanations of the model to predict each class were expressed in gradient-weighted class activation maps (Grad-CAMs). The OsPor-screen model showed promising performances. Osteoporosis screening with the OsPor-screen model achieved an AUC of 0.91 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.90-0.92) and an AUC of 0.88 (95% CI, 0.85-0.90) in the internal and external test set, respectively. Even though the medical relevance of these average Grad-CAMs is unclear, these results suggest that a deep learning-based model using chest radiographs could have the potential to be used for opportunistic automated screening of patients with osteoporosis in clinical settings. (C) 2021 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research (ASBMR).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using deep learning on chest radiographs for opportunistic osteoporosis screening. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the paper (a deep learning model for osteoporosis screening) is not an exergame, and the study does not target fall prevention.

[Author]   Janiszewski, P. and J. Cilulko-Dolega (2019). 
[Title]    Behavior and spatial use of enclosures by does and fawns of farmed fallow deer in postnatal period.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF VETERINARY BEHAVIOR-CLINICAL APPLICATIONS AND RESEARCH 31: 5-9.
[Abstract] The aim of this study was to determine the hiding preferences of farmed European fallow deer does and fawns in natural sites and artificial shelters during the postnatal period. A total of 270 hours of video surveillance footage showing the behavior of fallow deer fawns in the first 18 days of life were analyzed. The analysis demonstrated that fawns had a preference for the same, specific hideouts in the farm. Artificial shelters made of branches were never used by the offspring during the experiment. Does and fawns exhibited certain preferences for nursing sites, but they were not as specific as the fawns' choices of hiding sites. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the behavior and spatial use of enclosures by farmed fallow deer does and fawns, and it does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Janiszewski, P., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Interactions between fawns and does of farmed fallow deer <i>Dama dama</i> in the postnatal period.
[Journal]  ANIMAL SCIENCE JOURNAL 89(2): 483-487.
[Abstract] The aim of the present study was to describe the suckling behavior of the offspring of farmed European fallow deer Dama dama in the postnatal period. Video surveillance footage from the first 18 days postpartum was analyzed in detail to reveal that the duration of interactions between the mother and the offspring changed with the fawns' age. The duration of mother-offspring interactions was longest between postpartum days 12 and 18. The frequency of interactions at different times of the day varied in the analyzed periods. The results of the study could be used to increase the welfare of farmed deer.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the interactions between fawns and does of farmed fallow deer, specifically focusing on suckling behavior in the postnatal period. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Janouch, C., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Cognitive-Motor Interference in an Ecologically Valid Street Crossing Scenario.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PSYCHOLOGY 9.
[Abstract] Laboratory-based research revealed that gait involves higher cognitive processes, leading to performance impairments when executed with a concurrent loading task. Deficits are especially pronounced in older adults. Theoretical approaches like the multiple resource model highlight the role of task similarity and associated attention distribution problems. It has been shown that in cases where these distribution problems are perceived relevant to participant's risk of falls, older adults prioritize gait and posture over the concurrent loading task. Here we investigate whether findings on task similarity and task prioritization can be transferred to an ecologically valid scenario. Sixty-three younger adults (20-30 years of age) and 61 older adults (65-75 years of age) participated in a virtual street crossing simulation. The participants' task was to identify suitable gaps that would allow them to cross a simulated two way street safely. Therefore, participants walked on a manual treadmill that transferred their forward motion to forward displacements in a virtual city. The task was presented as a single task (crossing only) and as a multitask. In the multitask condition participants were asked, among others, to type in three digit numbers that were presented either visually or auditorily. We found that for both age groups, street crossing as well as typing performance suffered under multitasking conditions. Impairments were especially pronounced for older adults (e.g., longer crossing initiation phase, moremissed opportunities). However, younger and older adults did not differ in the speed and success rate of crossing. Further, deficits were stronger in the visual compared to the auditory task modality for most parameters. Our findings conform to earlier studies that found an age-related decline in multitasking performance in less realistic scenarios. However, task similarity effects were inconsistent and question the validity of the multiple resourcemodel within ecologically valid scenarios.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it includes older adults and uses a virtual reality setup, the focus is on cognitive-motor interference during a street-crossing scenario, rather than on an intervention aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial, and it does not report results related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Jardim, T. V., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Cardiometabolic disease costs associated with suboptimal diet in the United States: A cost analysis based on a microsimulation model.
[Journal]  PLOS MEDICINE 16(12).
[Abstract] Background Poor diet is a leading risk factor for cardiometabolic disease (CMD) in the United States, but its economic costs are unknown. We sought to estimate the cost associated with suboptimal diet in the US. Methods and findings A validated microsimulation model (Cardiovascular Disease Policy Model for Risk, Events, Detection, Interventions, Costs, and Trends [CVD PREDICT]) was used to estimate annual cardiovascular disease (fatal and nonfatal myocardial infarction, angina, and stroke) and type 2 diabetes costs associated with suboptimal intake of 10 food groups (fruits, vegetables, nuts/seeds, whole grains, unprocessed red meats, processed meats, sugar-sweetened beverages, polyunsaturated fats, seafood omega-3 fats, sodium). A representative US population sample of individuals aged 35-85 years was created using weighted sampling from National Health And Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES) 2009-2012 cycles. Estimates were stratified by cost type (acute, chronic, drug), sex, age, race, education, BMI, and health insurance. Annual diet-related CMD costs were $301/person (95% CI $287-$316). This translates to $50.4 billion in CMD costs (18.2% of total) for the whole population, of which 84.3% are attributed to acute care ($42.6 billion). The largest annual per capita costs are attributed to low consumption of nuts/seeds ($81; 95% CI $74-$86) and seafood omega-3 fats ($76; 95% CI $70-$83), and the lowest are attributed to high consumption of red meat ($3; 95% CI $2.8-$3.5) and polyunsaturated fats ($20; 95% CI $19-$22). Individual costs are highest for men ($380), those aged >= 65 years ($408), blacks ($320), the less educated ($392), and those with Medicare ($481) or dual-eligible ($536) insurance coverage. A limitation of our study is that dietary intake data were assessed from 24-hour dietary recall, which may not fully capture a diet over a person's life span and is subject to measurement errors. Conclusions Suboptimal diet of 10 dietary factors accounts for 18.2% of all ischemic heart disease, stroke, and type 2 diabetes costs in the US, highlighting that timely implementation of diet policies could address these health and economic burdens.Author summaryWhy was this study done? Unhealthy diet is responsible for up to 45% of all cardiometabolic disease (CMD) deaths. In addition to the health impact, CMDs pose a substantial economic burden. Despite the clear association between poor diet and CMD, the costs of a suboptimal diet pattern in the US have not been estimated. We sought to estimate the CMD-related cost associated with suboptimal diet in the US. What did the researchers do and find? We used a microsimulation model to estimate annual cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes costs associated with suboptimal intake of 10 food groups. A representative US population sample of individuals aged 35-85 years was created from National Health And Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES) 2009-2012 cycles. Annual diet-related CMD costs were $301/person, which translates to $50.4 billion for the whole population (18.2% of total costs). The largest annual per capita costs are attributed to low consumption of nuts/seeds ($81) and seafood omega-3 fats ($76), and the lowest are attributed to high consumption of red meat ($3) and polyunsaturated fats ($20). Individual costs are highest for men ($380), those aged >= 65 years ($408), blacks ($320), the less educated ($392), and those with Medicare ($481) or dual-eligible ($536) insurance coverage. What do these findings mean? The CMD costs estimated to be associated with suboptimal diet highlight the need to implement diet policies to address health and economic burdens. The high CMD-related costs associated with suboptimal diet combined with the finding that the cost burden often falls upon the government illustrates the need for community and policy strategies to reduce this financial burden.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the economic costs associated with suboptimal diet and its impact on cardiometabolic disease in the United States. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention in this study is related to dietary intake, and there is no mention of exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Jaume-i-Capo, A., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Interactive Rehabilitation System for Improvement of Balance Therapies in People With Cerebral Palsy.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON NEURAL SYSTEMS AND REHABILITATION ENGINEERING 22(2): 419-427.
[Abstract] The present study covers a new experimental system, designed to improve the balance and postural control of adults with cerebral palsy. This system is based on a serious game for balance rehabilitation therapy, designed using the prototype development paradigm and features for rehabilitation with serious games: feedback, adaptability, motivational elements, and monitoring. In addition, the employed interaction technology is based on computer vision because motor rehabilitation consists of body movements that can be recorded, and because vision capture technology is noninvasive and can be used for clients who have difficulties in holding physical devices. Previous research has indicated that serious games help to motivate clients in therapy sessions; however, there remains a paucity of clinical evidence involving functionality. We rigorously evaluated the effects of physiotherapy treatment on balance and gait function of adult subjects with cerebral palsy undergoing our experimental system. A 24-week physiotherapy intervention program was conducted with nine adults from a cerebral palsy center who exercised weekly in 20-min sessions. Findings demonstrated a significant increase in balance and gait function scores resulting in indicators of greater independence for our participating adults. Scores improved from 16 to 21 points in a scale of 28, according to the Tinetti Scale for risk of falls, moving from high fall risk to moderate fall risk. Our promising results indicate that our experimental system is feasible for balance rehabilitation therapy.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets adults with cerebral palsy, not older people. Additionally, while the study does involve a serious game for balance rehabilitation, it does not meet the criteria of targeting the elderly population.

[Author]   Jayaram, P. R., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    A new 
[Journal]  irtual" patient pathway for the management of radial head and neck fractures." JOURNAL OF SHOULDER AND ELBOW SURGERY 23(3): 297-301.
[Abstract] Background: Minimally displaced radial head and neck fractures are common and the outcome with conservative treatment is generally excellent. A new protocol was introduced to manage patients with these suspected fractures at a major urban hospital. Simple, undisplaced fractures without other associated injuries or instability were discharged with structured advice but no further face-to-face review. Patients with more complex injuries were reviewed at a "virtual clinic." The aim of this study was to examine the outcome of this process in terms of patient flow, satisfaction, reattendance, and reintervention.Methods: The 202 eligible patients, who presented during a 1-year period from October 2011 to October 2012, were identified retrospectively from a prospectively collected administrative database. Mason type III and IV fractures were excluded. A questionnaire was administered by mail or phone call to assess satisfaction with the process, information received, and function.Results: Twenty (10%) patients required face-to-face review in a clinic, whereas 182 (90%) were managed with direct discharge; 155 patients responded to the survey (77%). The overall satisfaction rate was 96% in the suspected fracture group and 87% in the definite fracture group (P = .08). Satisfaction with the information provided was 95%. Two (1%) required late surgical intervention.Conclusion: In this study, patients with suspected Mason I or II fractures were managed with limited face-to-face follow-up with high satisfaction rates. The reintervention rate was extremely low. This process has significant benefits to patients, who have fewer hospital visits, and to orthopaedic departments, which have more time to devote to complex cases. (C) 2014 Journal of Shoulder and Elbow Surgery Board of Trustees.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the management of radial head and neck fractures using a new protocol that includes a "virtual clinic" for follow-up. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any form of exercise intervention. The study focuses on patient flow, satisfaction, reattendance, and reintervention, and is not related to preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Jayasekera, H., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Risk factors for upper limb fractures due to unintentional injuries among adolescents: a case control study from Sri Lanka.
[Journal]  BMC PUBLIC HEALTH 22(1).
[Abstract] Background Injuries are the number one cause for morbidity and mortality among adolescents. Adolescent fractures are a hidden public health problem in Sri Lanka. Upper limb fractures are common in adolescents due to various risk factors. Many injuries are predictable and can be prevented by identifying the risk factors. The aim of the study was to determine the risk factors for upper limb fractures among adolescents in Sri Lanka. Methods A case control study was undertaken with 450 cases and 450 controls. Cases were recruited consecutively from all major hospitals among the adolescent victims who had admitted with newly diagnosed upper limb fractures in the district of Colombo. Controls were apparently healthy adolescents from the same district and excluded who had previous upper limb fractures. The age and gender were not matched in selecting controls since these two factors were potential risk factors for adolescent fractures according to previous literature. Risk factors for upper limb fractures were assessed by odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) and adjusted for possible confounding by performing logistic regression analysis. Results The mean age of the cases was 13.62 years with a Standard Deviation (SD) of 2.8 and controls was 12.75 years (SD = 2.7) respectively. Having a high standard of living index (OR = 3.52; 95%CI: 2.3-5.2, p < 0.001), being in a high social class category (social class I & II) (OR = 2.58, 95%CI: 1.7-3.92, p < 0.001), engage in physical or sports activity (OR = 9.36; 95%CI: 3.31-26.47, p < 0.001), watching television (OR = 1.95; 95%CI: 1.18 -3.22, p = 0.009), playing video or computer games (OR = 2.35; 95%CI: 1.7-3.24, p < 0.001), and attending extra classes (OR = 1.82; 95%CI: 1.2-2.7, p = 0.007) were risk factors for having a upper limb fracture. Risk factors for upper limb fractures following adjusted for confounders were siblings in the family (aOR = 11.62, 95% CI: 6.95-41.29, p = 0.03) and attend extra classes after school hours (aOR = 2.51, 95%CI: 0.68-0.93, p = 0.04). Two significant effect modifications between being a Buddhist and low standard of living index (p < 0.001) and having one sibling in the family and attend extra classes after school hours (p = 0.01) were observed. Conclusions Modifiable risk factors in relation to lifestyle factors and socioeconomic position were important determinants of upper limb fracture risk in adolescents. Many fractures can be prevented by strengthening awareness programmes in the community.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about risk factors for upper limb fractures in adolescents and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study population is adolescents, and the focus is on identifying risk factors rather than using exergames as an intervention. Additionally, the study design is a case-control study, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Jayasinghe, N., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Brief training of gait and posture using a wearable sensory feedback device with older adults who have fears of falling: A feasibility study.
[Journal]  HEALTH AND TECHNOLOGY 12(2): 433-442.
[Abstract] Wearable sensory-feedback technology has been shown to improve walking in individuals with neurological conditions. This study examined the feasibility and acceptability of procedures to use this technology with older adults who have fear of falling. Recruitment, retention, measurement, and intervention procedures were assessed in a single-center, pre-post, within-subject design study. Older adults with fear of falling were recruited to use wearable sensory feedback technology during a single session conducted in a laboratory setting under the supervision of a physical therapist. Objective measures consisted of gait and posture measures that were made at three time-points during the study session: "baseline," "during" (after training, while wearing the device), and "post" (after the second assessment following removal of the device). Participants ended the session by reporting on their perceptions of the technology. Twenty-four participants were enrolled over a period of 12 months. All enrolled participants were able to complete the study protocol without adverse or unexpected events. Participants provided favorable feedback indicating that it was easy to find a natural rhythm for walking while using the technology. Small to moderate effect sizes were obtained regarding pre-post increases in cadence and double support time and decreases in single limb stance time. Overall, intervention procedures were found to be feasible and acceptable but preliminary data did not point to improvements in gait or balance, i.e., the direction of the effects suggested of pre-post worsening of gait. Areas for improvement were identified that may inform the design and execution of future studies with this patient population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described involves a wearable sensory feedback device, which does not meet the criteria for an exergame (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, cognitive training, etc.). Additionally, the study design is a feasibility study, which does not include randomized controlled trials with reported results.

[Author]   Jazinizadeh, F. and C. E. Quenneville (2020). 
[Title]    Enhancing hip fracture risk prediction by statistical modeling and texture analysis on DXA images.
[Journal]  MEDICAL ENGINEERING & PHYSICS 78: 14-20.
[Abstract] Each year in the US more than 300,000 older adults suffer from hip fractures. While protective measures exist, identification of those at greatest risk by DXA scanning has proved inadequate. This study proposed a new technique to enhance hip fracture risk prediction by accounting for many contributing factors to the strength of the proximal femur.Twenty-two isolated cadaveric femurs were DXA scanned, 16 of which had been mechanically tested to failure. A function consisting of the calculated modes from the statistical shape and appearance modeling (to consider the shape and BMD distribution), homogeneity index (representing trabecular quality), BMD, age and sex of the donor was created in a training set and used to predict the fracture load in a test group. To classify patients as "high risk" or "low risk", fracture load thresholds were investigated.Hip fracture load estimation was significantly enhanced using the new technique in comparison to using t-score or BMD alone (average R of 0.68, 0.32, and 0.50, respectively) (P < 0.05). Using a fracture cut-off of 3400 N correctly predicted risk in 94% of specimens, a substantial improvement over t-score classification (38%). Ultimately, by identifying patients at high risk more accurately, devastating hip fractures can be prevented through applying protective measures. (C) 2020 IPEM. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on enhancing hip fracture risk prediction through the use of statistical modeling and texture analysis on DXA images. It does not involve the use of exergames or any form of virtual reality, video games, or electronic games as an intervention. The study is also not a randomized controlled trial but rather a methodological approach to improve the accuracy of hip fracture risk prediction. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Jazinizadeh, F. and C. E. Quenneville (2021). 
[Title]    3D Analysis of the Proximal Femur Compared to 2D Analysis for Hip Fracture Risk Prediction in a Clinical Population.
[Journal]  ANNALS OF BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING 49(4): 1222-1232.
[Abstract] Due to the adverse impacts of hip fractures on patients' lives, it is crucial to enhance the identification of people at high risk through accessible clinical techniques. Reconstructing the 3D geometry and BMD distribution of the proximal femur could be beneficial in enhancing hip fracture risk predictions; however, it is associated with a high computational burden. It is also not clear whether it provides a better performance than 2D model analysis. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to compare the 2D and 3D model reconstruction's ability to predict hip fracture risk in a clinical population of patients. The DXA scans and CT scans of 16 cadaveric femurs were used to create training sets for the 2D and 3D model reconstruction based on statistical shape and appearance modeling. Subsequently, these methods were used to predict the risk of sustaining a hip fracture in a clinical population of 150 subjects (50 fractured, and 100 non-fractured) that were monitored for five years in the Canadian Multicentre Osteoporosis Study. 3D model reconstruction was able to improve the identification of patients who sustained a hip fracture more accurately than the standard clinical practice (by 40%). Also, the predictions from the 2D statistical model didn't differ significantly from the 3D ones (p > 0.76). These results indicated that to enhance hip fracture risk prediction in clinical practice implementing 2D statistical modeling has comparable performance with lower associated computational load.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about comparing 2D and 3D analysis methods for predicting hip fracture risk in a clinical population. It does not involve exergames or any form of exercise intervention, and it does not target the prevention of falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Jean, W. C., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Transsulcal, Transchoroidal Approach for Resection of Posterior Clinoid Meningioma With Virtual Reality Demonstration: 2-Dimensional Operative Video.
[Journal]  OPERATIVE NEUROSURGERY 23(4): E286-E286.
[Abstract] Posterior clinoid process (PCP) meningiomas are veritable "unicorns" of skull base surgery. Whereas, the incidence of its anterior clinoid counterpart is up to one-third of all intracranial meningiomas, and there are fewer than 20 reported cases of PCP meningiomas.(1-8) Despite their scarcity, these tumors present with a variety of symptoms dependent on the growth pattern. A predominantly posterior and downward growth could affect mainly oculomotility and the brainstem, whereas an upward growth affects the optic apparatus and leads to visual disturbance as the dominant symptoms. The same growth pattern influences the choice of surgical approach. We present a 56-year-old patient who presented with disequilibrium, diplopia, and fine motor dysfunction of the hands. His posterior clinoid meningioma drops down along the clivus from the tip of the PCP. After surgical rehearsal in virtual reality, a transsulcal, transchoroidal approach(9) through the temporal horn of the right lateral ventricle was chosen for resection. In preparation for surgery, markers were placed in the virtual reality model of the patient's specific anatomy. These markers and the trajectory between them were then projected through the eyepiece of a navigation-tracked microscope as augmented reality objects, and by "connecting the dots," the surgical plan through the choroidal fissure was executed efficiently and precisely. Despite waking up from surgery with left hemiplegia and right oculomotor palsy, the patient recovered fully from these symptoms, as well as a wound complication, within 3 months of surgery. A near-total resection was achieved. The patient consented to the procedure and the publication of his image.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality for surgical rehearsal and navigation in the resection of a posterior clinoid meningioma. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets a specific surgical procedure, and the focus is on the application of virtual reality in surgical planning and execution, rather than on an exergame designed to prevent falls in older people.

[Author]   Jeon, S. and J. Kim (2020). 
[Title]    Effects of Augmented-Reality-Based Exercise on Muscle Parameters, Physical Performance, and Exercise Self-Efficacy for Older Adults.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 17(9).
[Abstract] This study was intended to determine the applicability of an augmented-reality-based muscle reduction prevention exercise program for elderly Korean women by observing changes in exercise self-efficacy and verifying the effectiveness of the program in the elderly after the application of the program. A total of 27 participants, who were elderly women aged 65+ and had not participated in any exercise programs until this study, were recruited for this study. They were divided into an experimental group (13 people) and a control group (14 people), and then the augmented-reality-based muscle reduction prevention exercise program was applied. This was a 30-min program, which included regular, aerobic, and flexibility exercises, and it was applied 5 times a week for 12 weeks. As a result of observing changes, it was found that the appendicular skeletal muscle mass (ASM) (F = 11.222, p < 0.002) and the skeletal muscle index (SMI) (kg/m(2)) (F = 10.874, p < 0.003) muscle parameters increased more in the experimental group compared to the control group, and there was a significant increase in gait speed (m/s) (F = 7.221, p < 0.005). For physical performance, as a result of conducting the Senior Fitness Test (SFT), a significant change was observed in the chair stand test (F = 5.110, p < 0.033), 2-min step test (2MST) (F = 6.621, p < 0.020), and the timed up-and-go test (TUG) (F = 5.110, p < 0.032) and a significant increase was also observed for exercise self-efficacy (F = 20.464, p < 0.001). Finally, the augmented-reality-based exercise program in this study was found to be effective in inducing physical activity in the elderly. Therefore, the augmented-reality-based muscle reduction prevention exercise program is considered to be effective in increasing the sustainability of exercise, thus preventing muscle reduction in the elderly.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about an augmented-reality-based exercise program for older adults, but the focus is on muscle parameters, physical performance, and exercise self-efficacy. While the intervention involves an augmented-reality-based exercise, it does not specifically target fall prevention. The outcomes measured (muscle mass, gait speed, Senior Fitness Test results, and exercise self-efficacy) are related to general physical health and fitness, rather than fall prevention. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Jeter, P. E., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Ashtanga-Based Yoga Therapy Increases the Sensory Contribution to Postural Stability in Visually-Impaired Persons at Risk for Falls as Measured by the Wii Balance Board: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 10(6).
[Abstract] ObjectivePersons with visual impairment (VI) are at greater risk for falls due to irreparable damage to visual sensory input contributing to balance. Targeted training may significantly improve postural stability by strengthening the remaining sensory systems. Here, we evaluate the Ashtanga-based Yoga Therapy (AYT) program as a multi-sensory behavioral intervention to develop postural stability in VI.DesignA randomized, waitlist-controlled, single-blind clinical trialMethodsThe trial was conducted between October 2012 and December 2013. Twenty-one legally blind participants were randomized to an 8-week AYT program (n = 11, mean (SD) age = 55 (17)) or waitlist control (n= 10, mean (SD) age = 55(10)). AYT subjects convened for one group session at a local yoga studio with an instructor and two individual home-based practice sessions per week for a total of 8 weeks. Subjects completed outcome measures at baseline and post-8 weeks of AYT. The primary outcome, absolute Center of Pressure (COP), was derived from the Wii Balance Board (WBB), a standalone posturography device, in 4 sensory conditions: firm surface, eyes open (EO); firm surface, eyes closed (EC); foam surface, EO; and foam surface, EC. Stabilization Indices (SI) were computed from COP measures to determine the relative visual (SIfirm, SIfoam), somatosensory (SIEO, SIEC) and vestibular (SIV, i.e., Foam(EC) vs. Firm(EO)) contributions to balance. This study was not powered to detect between group differences, so significance of pre-post changes was assessed by paired samples t-tests within each group.ResultsGroups were equivalent at baseline (all p > 0.05). In the AYT group, absolute COP significantly increased in the Foam(EO)(t(8) = -3.66, p = 0.01) and Foam(EC) (t(8) = -3.90, p = 0.01) conditions. Relative somatosensory SIEO (t(8) = -2.42, p = 0.04) and SIEC (t(8) = -3.96, p = 0.01), and vestibular SIV (t(8) = -2.47, p = 0.04) contributions to balance increased significantly. As expected, no significant changes from EO to EC conditions were found indicating an absence of visual dependency in VI. No significant pre-post changes were observed in the control group (all p > 0.05).ConclusionsThese preliminary results establish the potential for AYT training to develop the remaining somatosensory and vestibular responses used to optimize postural stability in a VI population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about an Ashtanga-based Yoga Therapy (AYT) program for visually-impaired persons at risk for falls, using the Wii Balance Board to measure postural stability. While the intervention does target older people and includes a randomized controlled trial, the primary intervention is yoga therapy, not an exergame. The Wii Balance Board is used as a measurement tool rather than as part of an exergame intervention. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Jeter, P. E., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Intra-session test-retest reliability of magnitude and structure of center of pressure from the Nintendo Wii Balance Board™ for a visually impaired and normally sighted population.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 41(2): 482-487.
[Abstract] Individuals with visual impairment (VI) have irreparable damage to one of the input streams contributing to postural stability. Here, we evaluated the intra-session test-retest reliability of the Wii Balance Board (WBB) for measuring Center of Pressure (COP) magnitude and structure, i.e. approximate entropy (ApEn) in fourteen legally blind participants and 21 participants with corrected-to-normal vision. Participants completed a validated balance protocol which included four sensory conditions: double-leg standing on a firm surface with eyes open (EO-firm); a firm surface with eyes closed (EC-firm); a foam surface with EO (EO-foam); and a foam surface with EC (EC-foam). Participants performed the full balance protocol twice during the session, separated by a period of 15 min, to determine the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC). Absolute reliability was determined by the standard error of measurement (SEM). The minimal difference (MD) was estimated to determine clinical significance for future studies. COP measures were derived from data sent by the WBB to a laptop via Bluetooth. COP scores increased with the difficulty of sensory condition indicating WBB sensitivity (all p < 0.01). ICCs in the VI group ranged from 0.73 to 0.95, indicating high to very high correlations, and the normal group showed moderate to very high ICCs (0.62-0.94). The SEM was comparable between groups regardless of between-subject variability. The reliability of the WBB makes it practical to screen for balance impairment among VI persons. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the reliability of the Nintendo Wii Balance Board (WBB) for measuring Center of Pressure (COP) in visually impaired and normally sighted individuals. It does not describe an intervention using exergames, nor does it report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls in older people.

[Author]   Jewkes, R., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Trauma exposure and IPV experienced by Afghan women: Analysis of the baseline of a randomised controlled trial.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 13(10).
[Abstract] BackgroundFour decades of conflict has indelibly impacted the lives of Afghans, exposing many to different forms of trauma. The aim of this paper investigate a hypothesis that (mostly war related) trauma is a key driver of partner violence in Afghanistan.Methods1,463 women aged 18-48 were recruited into a randomised controlled trial (RCT) to evaluate a women empowerment intervention in 8 villages of Kabul and Nangarhar provinces. The women were interviewed at baseline. The analysis uses multivariable logistic regression and structural equation modelling (SEM) to describe relationships between measures.Results57.4% of women reported exposure to one of four types of trauma: 23.3% an armed attack, 39.4% had felt close to death, 10.6% witnessed a friend or family member being killed and 21.4% witnessed the death of a stranger or someone unknown. Trauma exposure was associated with being older, Pashtan, madrassa educated, and food insecure. Women who were trauma exposed were more likely to have ever experienced IPV, have hit their children in the last 4 weeks, and be hit by a sibling or relative of their husband or their mother-in-law in the last year. They held less patriarchal personal gender attitudes and perceived the community to be more patriarchal. The SEM showed that all pathways between trauma exposure and IPV were ultimately mediated by either (mostly mental) ill-health or quarrelling, but not both of these. There were multiple paths through which trauma exposure impacted women's past year experience of physical IPV. One was mediated by childhood trauma exposure and a latent variable for ill health. Other paths were mediated by women's education and personal gender attitudes and ill-health, or else by quarrelling. Trauma exposure was related to lower educational levels. Another path was mediated by less patriarchal personal gender attitudes and ill health. Community gender attitudes was a mediating variable on a path which was also mediated by ill health and another mediated by quarrelling. It was also a mediator on a path which included personal gender attitudes and ill-health. Food insecurity mediated another path with ill health. It was also connected to childhood trauma, community gender attitudes and educational level.ConclusionTrauma exposure due to conflict will persist until the conflict ends but the impact on women can be ameliorated. This analysis suggests interventions to reduce women's exposure to IPV should focus on reducing poverty, changing social norms on gender, providing relationship skills to help reduce quarrelling and supporting women's mental health.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on trauma exposure and intimate partner violence (IPV) experienced by Afghan women, and it does not meet any of the criteria for the use of exergames in fall prevention for older people.

[Author]   Jhaveri, S., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    SMARTfit Dual-Task Exercise Improves Cognition and Physical Function in Older Adults With Mild Cognitive Impairment: Results of a Community-Based Pilot Study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF AGING AND PHYSICAL ACTIVITY 31(4): 621-632.
[Abstract] Mild cognitive impairment is an intermediate state between the cognitive decline often experienced in normal aging and dementia that affects 15% of Americans over 65 years of age. Our communities have an opportunity to support the development and adoption of evidence-based programs to help older adults preserve cognition and physical function. In partnership with a local urban YMCA in an underserved, predominantly minority neighborhood, we tested the appeal and therapeutic benefits of SMARTfit training among older adults with mild cognitive impairment. The participants reported a positive training experience. After 12 weeks of dual-task training, Trail-Making Test and Stroop Color-Word Interference Test scores improved, as did scores on the Short Physical Performance Battery. Results of our SMARTfit dual-task training intervention are encouraging. Larger randomized controlled trials must further investigate the development, implementation, and therapeutic impacts of SMARTfit dual-task training on cognitive and physical function in aging.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a pilot study that used SMARTfit dual-task exercise to improve cognition and physical function in older adults with mild cognitive impairment. While the intervention targets older people and involves an interactive exercise (which could be considered similar to exergames), the study is a community-based pilot study, not a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the focus is on cognitive and physical function, and there is no specific mention of fall prevention. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper does not meet the requirements for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Jiang, H., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    High strength and high conductivity Cu-Ta composites fabricated by powder metallurgy.
[Journal]  MATERIALS TODAY COMMUNICATIONS 38.
[Abstract] Copper matrix composites with excellent comprehensive properties can be obtained by combining copper and copper alloys with refractory metals. Cu-Ta and CuCrNb-Ta composites were fabricated by powder metallurgy. The hardness and conductivity of cold -rolled CuCrNb-1Ta, CuCrNb-3Ta, and CuCrNb-6Ta composites were 102.2 HV and 90.6% IACS, 120.4 HV and 88.0% IACS, 118.6 HV and 87.5% IACS, respectively. Cr2Ta was detected on the surface of Ta particles in the sintered CuCrNb-Ta composites, and a Ta@Cr2Ta core -shell structure formed. The mechanical properties and conductivity of the CuCrNb-Ta composites in sintered state + cold rolling treatment + aging treatment are higher than those of Cu-Ta alloys under the coordinated action of solution strengthening and precipitation strengthening. These findings are conducive to the development of high -strength copper -based composites.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the fabrication and properties of copper-tantalum composites using powder metallurgy. It does not discuss exergames, fall prevention in the elderly, or any related interventions. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Jin, L., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Radiomics-Based Machine Learning for Predicting the Injury Time of Rib Fractures in Gemstone Spectral Imaging Scans.
[Journal]  BIOENGINEERING-BASEL 10(1).
[Abstract] This retrospective study aimed to predict the injury time of rib fractures in distinguishing fresh (30 days) or old (90 days) rib fractures. We enrolled 111 patients with chest trauma who had been scanned for rib fractures at our hospital between January 2018 and December 2018 using gemstone spectral imaging (GSI). The volume of interest of each broken end of the rib fractures was segmented using calcium-based material decomposition images derived from the GSI scans. The training and testing sets were randomly assigned in a 7:3 ratio. All cases were divided into groups distinguishing the injury time at 30 and 90 days. We constructed radiomics-based models to predict the injury time of rib fractures. The model performance was assessed by the area under the curve (AUC) obtained by the receiver operating characteristic analysis. We included 54 patients with 259 rib fracture segmentations (34 men; mean age, 52 years +/- 12.02; and range, 19-72 years). Nine features were excluded by the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator logistic regression to build the radiomics signature. For distinguishing the injury time at 30 days, the Support Vector Machine (SVM) model and human-model collaboration resulted in an accuracy and AUC of 0.85 and 0.871 and 0.91 and 0.912, respectively, and 0.81 and 0.804 and 0.83 and 0.85, respectively, at 90 days in the testing set. The radiomics-based model displayed good accuracy in differentiating between the injury time of rib fractures at 30 and 90 days, and the human-model collaboration generated more accurate outcomes, which may help to add value to clinical practice and distinguish artificial injury in forensic medicine.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using radiomics-based machine learning to predict the injury time of rib fractures. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Jobsoongnern, C., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Electrical power supply system planning for a modern catenary-free rapid charging.
[Journal]  ENERGY REPORTS 8: 958-965.
[Abstract] Electric power supply system planning is practically an important function of the modern light rail transit system with catenary free operation and rapid charging. Installing a modern dynamic load of the traction power supply system with the local electric distribution network needs to consider its capacity and feeder to support enough and efficiently. In this paper, the design of the electrical power supply system of the pilot project of Nakhon Ratchasima Green Line light rail system with 11.6-km line length and 21 passenger stations operated with catenary-free and powered with an on-board energy storage device has been proposed and planned to replace the old local transportation. The traction power supply of the light rail system drawn power from the MV distribution feeder practically consist of receiving power substation, MV power feeding system power feeder substation, charging power supply and service power supply have been designed provided the configuration circuit. A rapid charge system to delivery high power to fulfill the on-board energy storage is considered to recharge at passenger stations with an overhead conductor or wireless power transfer during a short dwell time. A number of charging station is determined accordingly the capacity of the power substation and its positions. The traction power drawn by a train service round-trip that related to the capacity of the power substation as a charging station has been calculated by the simulation of the train movement. The regenerative braking energy during train operated in braking mode is also considered as a partial charging energy the on-board energy storage device. From the proposed design, the motive energy consumption of each scenario charging formations obtains the maximum charging energy drawn by the train between charging points, the capacity of on-board energy storage devices, maximum charging power and the total charging points. (C) 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the planning of an electrical power supply system for a modern catenary-free rapid charging light rail transit system. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Johnson, A. (2024). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of virtual reality and 3D digital tools in forensic dental education and research - a preliminary survey.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF VISUAL COMMUNICATION IN MEDICINE.
[Abstract] Virtual reality (VR) and three-dimensional (3D) digital technologies have significantly influenced various fields in recent years, including medicine and dentistry, as they retain depth and spatial information. This pilot study aimed to assess the knowledge, attitudes, and practices of dental professionals in Gujarat regarding the effectiveness of VR and 3D digital tools in forensic dental education and research. A descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted through an online self-administered questionnaire consisting of 20 questions circulated among dental practitioners in Gujarat, India. Out of total 161 responses, 124 were from dental professionals and 37 were received from dental postgraduate students. The findings indicated limited knowledge of these technologies among both dental professionals and postgraduate students. The VR and 3D technologies were practiced by limited specialists, such as orthodontists, prosthodontists, forensic odontologist, oral-maxillofacial radiologist, whereas other specialists were not sensitized and trained in these technologies. With the ongoing development of technologies, there is no doubt that VR and 3D technologies can greatly aid in education and research, especially in this new era; encouraging new researchers to incorporate this high-potential modality and transform current practices in India and globally.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effectiveness of virtual reality (VR) and 3D digital tools in forensic dental education and research, and it does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people or addressing fall prevention. Additionally, the study design is a descriptive cross-sectional survey, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Johnson, J. E., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Simulated lesions representative of metastatic disease predict proximal femur failure strength more accurately than idealized lesions.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 106.
[Abstract] Metastatic disease in bone is characterized by highly amorphous and variable lesion geometry, with increased fracture risk. Assumptions of idealized lesion geometry made in previous finite element (FE) studies of metastatic disease in the proximal femur may not sufficiently capture effects of local stress/strain concentrations on predicted failure strength. The goal of this study was to develop and validate a FE failure model of the proximal femur incorporating artificial defects representative of physiologic metastatic disease. Data from 11 cadaveric femur specimens were randomly divided into either a training set (n = 5) or a test set (n = 6). Clinically representative artificial defects were created, and the femurs were loaded to failure under offset torsion. Voxel-based FE models replicating the experimental setup were created from the training set pre-fracture computed tomography data. Failure loads from the linear model with maximum principal strain failure criterion correlated best with the experimental data (R-2 = 0.86, p = 0.024). The developed model was found to be reliable when applied to the test dataset with a relatively low RMSE of 46.9 N, mean absolute percent error of 12.7 +/- 17.1%, and cross-validation R-2 = 0.88 (p < 0.001). Models simulating realistic lesion geometry explained an additional 26% of the variance in experimental failure load compared to idealized lesion models (R-2 = 0.62, p = 0.062). Our validated automated FE model representative of physiologic metastatic disease may improve clinical fracture risk prediction and facilitate research studies of fracture risk during functional activities and with treatment interventions. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and validating a finite element (FE) failure model of the proximal femur incorporating artificial defects representative of metastatic disease. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Jones, R., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Delayed center of mass feedback in elderly humans leads to greater muscle co-contraction and altered balance strategy under perturbed balance: A predictive musculoskeletal simulation study.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 19(5).
[Abstract] Falls are one of the leading causes of non-disease death and injury in the elderly, often due to delayed sensory neural feedback essential for balance. This delay, challenging to measure or manipulate in human studies, necessitates exploration through neuromusculoskeletal modeling to reveal its intricate effects on balance. In this study, we developed a novel three-way muscle feedback control approach, including muscle length feedback, muscle force feedback, and enter of mass feedback, for balancing and investigated specifically the effects of center of mass feedback delay on elderly people's balance strategies. We conducted simulations of cyclic perturbed balance at different magnitudes ranging from 0 to 80 mm and with three center of mass feedback delays (100, 150 & 200 ms). The results reveal two key points: 1) Longer center of mass feedback delays resulted in increased muscle activations and co-contraction, 2) Prolonged center of mass feedback delays led to noticeable shifts in balance strategies during perturbed standing. Under low-amplitude perturbations, the ankle strategy was predominantly used, while higher amplitude disturbances saw more frequent employment of hip and knee strategies. Additionally, prolonged center of mass delays altered balance strategies across different phases of perturbation, with a noticeable increase in overall ankle strategy usage. These findings underline the adverse effects of prolonged feedback delays on an individual's stability, necessitating greater muscle co-contraction and balance strategy adjustment to maintain balance under perturbation. Our findings advocate for the development of training programs tailored to enhance balance reactions and mitigate muscle feedback delays within clinical or rehabilitation settings for fall prevention in elderly people.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does target older people and discusses balance and fall prevention, the intervention is a predictive musculoskeletal simulation study, not an exergame. Additionally, the study does not involve a randomized controlled trial with reported results.

[Author]   Jorgensen, M. G., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Intrarater Reproducibility and Validity of Nintendo Wii Balance Testing in Community-Dwelling Older Adults.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF AGING AND PHYSICAL ACTIVITY 22(2): 269-275.
[Abstract] The aims of the current study were to examine the intrarater intersession reproducibility of the Nintendo Wii agility and stillness tests and explore the concurrent validity in relation to gold-standard force-plate analysis. Within-day intersession reproducibility was examined in 30 older adults (age 71.8 +/- 5.1 yr). No systematic test-retest differences were found for the Wii stillness test; however, the Wii agility test scores differed systematically between test sessions (p < .05). The Wii stillness test yielded a test-retest ICC of .86 (95% CI 0.74-0.93), CV of 6.4%, LOA of 11.0, and LOA% of 17.9%. Likewise for the Wii agility test ICC was .73 (95% CI 0.50-0.86), CV 5.3%, LOA 1.8, and LOA% of 14.6%. Wii stillness scores correlated to force plate measures (r = .65.82, p < .01), reflecting moderate to excellent validity. In conclusion, it appears that the Wii stillness test represents a low-cost, objective, reproducible, and valid test of undisturbed postural balance in community-dwelling older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on the intrarater reproducibility and validity of the Nintendo Wii Balance Testing in older adults, but it does not specifically address the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The study examines the reliability and validity of the Wii stillness and agility tests, rather than using these games as a preventive measure for falls. Additionally, the paper does not report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Jorgensen, M. G., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Novel use of the Nintendo Wii board as a measure of reaction time: a study of reproducibility in older and younger adults.
[Journal]  BMC GERIATRICS 15.
[Abstract] Background: Reaction time (RT) has been associated with falls in older adults, but is not routinely tested in clinical practice. A simple, portable, inexpensive and reliable method for measuring RT is desirable for clinical settings. We therefore developed a custom software, which utilizes the portable and low-cost standard Nintendo Wii board (NWB) to record RT. The aims in the study were to (1) explore if the test could differentiate old and young adults, and (2) to study learning effects between test-sessions, and (3) to examine reproducibility.Methods: A young (n = 25, age 20-35 years, mean BMI of 22.6) and an old (n = 25, age >= 65 years, mean BMI of 26.3) study-population were enrolled in this within-and between-day reproducibility study. A standard NWB was used along with the custom software to obtain RT from participants in milliseconds. A mixed effect model was initially used to explore systematic differences associated with age, and test-session. Reproducibility was then expressed by Intraclass Correlation Coefficients (ICC), Coefficient of Variance (CV), and Typical Error (TE).Results: The RT tests was able to differentiate the old group from the young group in both the upper extremity test (p < 0.001; -170.7 ms (95%CI -209.4;-132.0)) and the lower extremity test (p < 0.001; -224.3 ms (95% CI -274.6;-173.9)). Moreover, the mixed effect model showed no significant learning effect between sessions with exception of the lower extremity test between session one and three for the young group (-35,5 ms; 4.6 %; p = 0.02). A good within-and between-day reproducibility (ICC: 0.76-0.87; CV: 8.5-12.9; TE: 45.7-95.1 ms) was achieved for both the upper and lower extremity test with the fastest of three trials in both groups.Conclusion: A low-cost and portable reaction test utilizing a standard Nintendo wii board showed good reproducibility, no or little systematic learning effects across test-sessions, and could differentiate between young and older adults in both upper and lower extremity tests.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older adults and uses a Nintendo Wii board, the focus is on measuring reaction time and its reproducibility, rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Ju Hyun, W., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Effect of Boron Addition on Microstructure and Mechanical Properties of AZ84 Mg Alloy.
[Journal]  Materials Science Forum 879: 653-658.
[Abstract] Effect of B addition on the microstructure and mechanical properties of AZ84 Mg alloy was investigated in this study. Through calculation of phase equilibria of AZ84 Mg alloy, carried out by using FactSage and FTLite database, solution treatment temperature was decided as temperature of 330oC, where supersaturated solid solution can be obtained. Solid solution treatment of AZ84 Mg alloy was successfully conducted at 330oC and supersaturated microstructure with all almost all phases resolved into matrix was obtained. After solution treatment, hot rolling was successfully conducted by reduction of 60%. Compression and tension tests were carried out at room temperature on the samples in as-cast, solution treated, hot-rolled and subsequently recrystallized states. After solid solution treatment, each alloy was soaked at temperatures of 180 and 200oC for time intervals from 1 min to 48 hrs and hardness of each condition was measured by micro-Vickers method. Peak aging conditions were deduced as at the temperature of 200oC for 10 hrs for ZA84 Mg alloy. By addition of boron, aging kinetics was expedited and strength was enhanced.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effect of boron addition on the microstructure and mechanical properties of an AZ84 Mg alloy. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ju, U., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Acoustic Cues Increase Situational Awareness in Accident Situations: A VR Car-Driving Study.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS 23(4): 3281-3291.
[Abstract] Our work for the first time evaluates the effectiveness of visual and acoustic warning systems in an accident situation using a realistic, immersive driving simulation. In a first experiment, 70 participants were trained to complete a course at high speed. The course contained several forks where a wrong turn would lead to the car falling off a cliff and crashing - these forks were indicated either with a visual warning sign for a first, no-sound group or with a visual and auditory warning cue for a second, sound group. In a testing phase, right after the warning signals were given, trees suddenly fell on the road, leaving the (fatal) turn open. Importantly, in the no-sound group, 18 out of 35 people still chose this turn, whereas in the sound group only 5 out of 35 people did so - the added sound therefore had a large and significant increase in situational awareness. We found no other differences between the groups concerning age, physiological responses, or driving experience. In a second replication experiment, the setup was repeated with another 70 participants without emphasis on driving speed. Results fully confirmed the previous findings with 17 out of 35 people in the no-sound group versus only 6 out of 35 in the sound group choosing the turn to the cliff. With these two experiments using a one-shot design to avoid pre-meditation and testing naive, rapid decision-making, we provide clear evidence for the advantage of visual-auditory in-vehicle warning systems for promoting situational awareness.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effectiveness of visual and acoustic warning systems in an accident situation using a virtual reality (VR) car-driving simulation. It does not target older people, nor does it focus on exergames for fall prevention. The study involves a general population and evaluates situational awareness in a driving context, which is unrelated to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Junata, M., et al. (2018).
[Title]    Development and Evaluation of a Kinect-based Rapid Movement Therapy Training Platform for Balance Rehabilitation
[Journal]  2018 40TH ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE OF THE IEEE ENGINEERING IN MEDICINE AND BIOLOGY SOCIETY (EMBC): 2345-2348.
[Abstract] With the growing aging and overall population, the demand for healthcare professionals and their burden increases by time. Effective balance recovery reaction is required to prevent falls. The aim of this project is to provide low-cost portable balance training system that trains the two important components of effective balance recovery reaction: faster movement completion time (MT) and larger range of motion (ROM). This is done by a Kinect-based interactive rapid movement therapy training platform for reaching and stepping actions. The platform provides real-time feedback to the patient, generates a report for healthcare professionals to monitor the patient's progress, and can be utilized in patient's home or community centers. A pilot study to test the platform was conducted on seventeen stroke patients and it has shown significant improvement in both MT (faster) and ROM (larger).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the development and evaluation of a Kinect-based rapid movement therapy training platform for balance rehabilitation, which was tested on stroke patients. While the intervention does involve an exergame (Kinect-based interactive training) and aims to improve balance, which is related to fall prevention, the study population is specifically stroke patients, not older people in general. Additionally, the paper reports a pilot study, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Just, S. A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Feasibility of using virtual reality in geriatric psychiatry.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF GERIATRIC PSYCHIATRY 39(1).
[Abstract] ObjectivesVirtual Reality-based interventions have become an important element of digital mental health, offering accessible and scalable treatment options. However, studies on VR-based approaches in elderly patients are scarce. This explorative study examined the feasibility of using Virtual Reality (VR) for elderly patients with psychiatric illness, focusing on the sense of presence as the primary outcome.MethodsThe study included N = 30 patients between the ages of 59-92 years who were currently in geriatric psychiatric inpatient and day clinic treatment. Participants were assessed before, during and after a relaxing ten-minute VR experience. Attitude towards digital media and VR, subjective digital competence, and previous experience were examined using questionnaires. Motion sickness was measured repeatedly during the VR experience using the Fast Motion Sickness Scale (FMS). Patients rated their motion sickness and their general well-being in the virtual environment. Sense of presence in the virtual environment was quantified with the Igroup Presence Questionnaire (IPQ).ResultsParticipants reported a notable sense of presence (M = 0.41 +/- 1.4) in the virtual environment, particularly in terms of spatial presence. Motion sickness was reported by a minority of patients. Three patients terminated the VR application before it was finished. The average well-being during the VR experience was reported as high (70/100). Sense of presence and motion sickness showed a significant negative correlation. Presence, motion sickness and well-being were not significantly correlated with age, nor did they differ significantly between groups.ConclusionsThis study underscores the potential of VR-based experiences in the treatment of elderly psychiatric patients and highlights their willingness and ability to engage with VR technology. While the results are promising, future research should explore more interactive VR scenarios and assess their safety and feasibility in elderly populations.Elderly psychiatric patients showed a high level of tolerance for the VR experience with minimal drop-out rates.Patients experienced a high sense of presence which was associated with low occurrences of motion sickness.Age did not significantly impact the participants' experiences with VR.The potential of VR in treating elderly psychiatric patients needs to be evaluated in more studies, assessing the safety and feasibility of more diverse VR applications.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the feasibility of using Virtual Reality (VR) for elderly patients with psychiatric illness, particularly examining the sense of presence and motion sickness. While it does involve older people and uses a form of exergame (VR), the primary focus is not on preventing falls. Additionally, the study is an exploratory feasibility study rather than a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria specified.

[Author]   Kadhum, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Supervised dichoptic gaming versus monitored occlusion therapy for childhood amblyopia: Effectiveness and efficiency.
[Journal]  ACTA OPHTHALMOLOGICA 102(1): 38-48.
[Abstract] PurposeTo compare the effectiveness and efficiency of supervised dichoptic action-videogame play to occlusion therapy in children with amblyopia. MethodsNewly diagnosed children with amblyopia aged 4-12 years were recruited, excluding strabismus >30PD. After 16 weeks of refractive adaptation children were randomized to gaming 1 h/week supervised by the researcher, or electronically monitored occlusion 2 h/day. The gaming group played a dichoptic action-videogame using virtual reality goggles, which included the task of catching a snowflake presented intermittently to the amblyopic eye. Contrast for the fellow eye was self-adjusted until 2 identical images were perceived. The primary outcome was visual acuity (VA) change from baseline to 24 weeks. ResultsWe recruited 96 children, 29 declined and 2 were excluded for language or legal issues. After refractive adaptation, 24 of the remaining 65 no longer met the inclusion criteria for amblyopia, and 8 dropped out. Of 16 children treated with gaming, 7 (6.7 years) completed treatment, whereas 9 younger children (5.3 years) did not. Of 17 treated with occlusion, 14 (5.1 years) completed treatment and 3 (4.5 years) did not. Of 5 children with small-angle strabismus, 3 treated with occlusion completed treatment and 2 treated with gaming did not. Median VA improved by 0.30 logMAR (IQR 0.20-0.40) after gaming, 0.20 logMAR (0.00-0.30) after occlusion (p = 0.823). Treatment efficiency was 1.25 logMAR/100 h (range 0.42-2.08) with gaming, 0.08 (-0.19-0.68) with occlusion (p < 0.001). ConclusionDichoptic gaming seems a viable alternative for older children with refractive amblyopia after glasses adaptation. Treatment efficiency with gaming under continuous supervision was 15 times higher than with occlusion at home.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of dichoptic gaming for treating amblyopia in children, not about using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets children, and the focus is on visual acuity improvement rather than fall prevention.

[Author]   Kalron, A., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    The effect of balance training on postural control in people with multiple sclerosis using the CAREN virtual reality system: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 13.
[Abstract] Background: Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a multi-focal progressive disorder of the central nervous system often resulting in diverse clinical manifestations. Imbalance appears in most people with multiple sclerosis (PwMS). A popular balance training tool is virtual reality (VR) with several advantages including increased compliance and user satisfaction. Therefore, the aim of this pilot RCT (Trial registration number, date: ISRCTN14425615, 21/01/2016) was to examine the efficacy of a 6-week VR balance training program using the computer assisted rehabilitation environment (CAREN) system (Motek Medical BV, Amsterdam, Netherlands) on balance measures in PwMS. Results were compared with those of a conventional balance exercise group. Secondary aims included the impact of this program on the fear of falling.Methods: Thirty-two PwMS were equally randomized into the VR intervention group or the control group. Each group received balance training sessions for 6 consecutive weeks, two sessions per week, 30 min sessions. Clinical balance tests and instrumented posturography outcome measures were collected upon initiation of the intervention programs and at termination.Results: Final analysis included 30 patients (19 females, 11 males; mean age, (S.D.) = 45.2 (11.6) years; mean EDSS (S.D.) = 4.1 (1.3), mean disease duration (S.D.) = 11.0 (8.9) years). Both groups showed a main effect of time on the center of pressure (CoP) path length with eyes open (F = 5.278, P=.024), sway rate with eyes open (F = 5.852, P=.035), Functional Reach Test (F = 20.841, P=.001), Four Square Step Test (F = 9.011, P=.031) and the Fear of Falls self-reported questionnaire (F = 17.815, P=.023). In addition, significant differences in favor of the VR program were observed for the group x time interactions of the Functional Reach Test (F = 10.173, P=.009) and fear of falling (F = 6.710, P=.021).Conclusions: We demonstrated that balance training based on the CAREN device is an effective method of balance training for PwMS.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a virtual reality (VR) system for balance training in people with multiple sclerosis (PwMS), not specifically in the elderly. While the intervention does involve an exergame and is a randomized controlled trial, the target population is PwMS, which does not meet the criteria of targeting older people.

[Author]   Kaltman, E., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    From the Presupposition of Doom to the Manifestation of Code: Using Emulated Citation in the Study of Games and Cultural Software.
[Journal]  DIGITAL HUMANITIES QUARTERLY 15(1).
[Abstract] For the field of game history to mature, and for game studies more broadly to function in a scholarly manner in the coming decades, one necessity will be improvement of game citation practices. Current practices have some obvious problems, such as a lack of standardization even within the same journal or book series. But a more pressing problem is disguised by the field's youth: Common citation practices depend on the play experiences and cultural knowledge of a generation of game studies scholars and readers who are largely old enough to have lived through the eras they are discussing. More sustainable and precise alternatives cannot fall back on the tools available for fixed media - such as the direct quotations and page numbers used for books or the screenshots (of images that appear to all viewers) and timecode used for video. Instead, this essay imagines an alternative approach, working in the digital humanities traditions of speculative collections and tool-based argumentation. In the speculative future we present, there are scholarly collections of software, as well as tools available for citing software states and integrating these citations into scholarly arguments. A working prototype of such a tool is presented, together with examples of scholarly use and the results of an evaluation of the concept with game scholars.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on improving citation practices in game studies and proposing a new method for citing software states, which is unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Kamatchi, K., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    The Impact of Virtual Reality on Upper Extremity Function In Stroke Patients: A Pilot Study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF POPULATION THERAPEUTICS AND CLINICAL PHARMACOLOGY 30(8): E312-E320.
[Abstract] Background and Objectives: A stroke, also known as a CVA (cerebrovascular accident), happens when blood flow to a portion of the brain is interrupted. When a blood vessel is blocked or ruptured, this occurs. It can result in permanent brain damage because brain cells die if they are not supplied with oxygenated blood on a regular basis. Because the majority of activities of daily living (ADL) require upper and lower limbs, and only a small percentage of patients will restore function, it is critical to enhance functional capabilities in post-stroke patients. Thus, the study focuses on the effectiveness of virtual reality in the rehabilitation of the Stroke patients to improve the upper extremity function.Materials and Methods: 8 subjects was selected based on the selection criteria with age group between 45-70 years, people who had stroke for the first time with the onset of 2-6 months, 1st unilateral cerebral infarction, both gender (male & female), people who scored4-5 in Brunnstrom stage of recovery and people who scored between level 3 & 4 in functional test for hemiplegic upper extremity scale was included in the study. People with recent fracture & recent surgery, with cognitive or communication impairments, Parkinson's disease, severe cardiovascular disease, with severe pain and muscleweakness, with vision and hearing problems was excluded from the study. Pre-test was done by using Fugl-Meyer Upper Extremity scale, EMG (Electromyogram).The VR treatment was conducted for 2 months (3 days / week, 45 minutes a day with the rest period of 2 minutes, between each set of games.).Statistics were done based on the data collected.Result: On comparing the pre and post test values shows highly significance difference between Pre-test and Post-test mean values at P <= 0.001. The result of the study showed that Virtual Reality (VR) was effective in improving the upper limb function among MCA Stroke patients.Conclusion: The conclusion of the study showed that Virtual Reality (VR) was effective in improving the upper limb function among Stroke patients. The intensive and repetitive use of the affected upper limb by using Immersive Virtual reality showed positive effects on improving the motor function and skills in stroke patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) to improve upper extremity function in stroke patients, not specifically to prevent falls in the elderly. While the intervention does involve an exergame (virtual reality), the target population and the primary outcome (upper extremity function) do not align with the criteria for preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kamer, L., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Artificial intelligence and CT-based 3D statistical modeling to assess transsacral corridors and plan implant positioning.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ORTHOPAEDIC RESEARCH 39(12): 2681-2692.
[Abstract] Transsacral corridors at levels S1 and S2 represent complex osseous spaces allowing percutaneous fixation of non- or minimally-displaced fragility fractures of the sacrum. To safely place transsacral implants, they must be completely intraosseous. However, standard radiographs and CT do not properly demonstrate the corridor's intricate configuration. Our goal was to facilitate the three-dimensional assessment of transsacral corridors using artificial intelligence and the planning of transsacral implant positioning. In total, 100 pelvic CTs (49 women, mean age: 58.6 +/- SD 14.8 years; 51 men, mean age: 60.7 +/- SD 13 years) were used to compute a 3D statistical model of the pelvic ring. On the basis of morphologic features (=predictors) and principal components scores (=response), regression learners were interactively trained, validated, and tuned to predict/sample personalized 3D pelvic models. They were matched via thin-plate spline transformation to a series of 20 pelvic CTs with fragility fractures of the sacrum (18 women and 2 men, age: 69-9.5 years, mean age: 78.65 +/- SD 8.4 years). These models demonstrated the availability, dimension, cross-section, and symmetry of transsacral corridors S1 and S2, as well as the planned implant position, dimension, axes, and entry and exit points. The complete intraosseous pathway was controlled in CT reconstructions. We succeeded to establish a workflow determining transsacral corridors S1 and S2 using artificial intelligence and 3D statistical modeling.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using artificial intelligence and 3D statistical modeling to assess transsacral corridors and plan implant positioning for percutaneous fixation of sacral fractures. It does not involve exergames, fall prevention, or any intervention targeting older people with exergames. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kamnardsiri, T., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Home-Based, Low-Intensity, Gamification-Based, Interactive Physical-Cognitive Training for Older Adults Using the ADDIE Model: Design, Development, and Evaluation of User Experience.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 12.
[Abstract] Background: Declines in physical and cognitive function are natural biological processes, leading to an increased risk of falls. Promising evidence suggests that combined physical-cognitive exercise has beneficial effects in improving both physical and cognitive health. Although moderate-to-high exercise intensity is commonly recommended, it might be impractical for older adults facing physical limitations or contraindications. Thus, low-intensity exercise is a viable option. The main barriers to engaging in exercise in older adults include transportation, time, motivation, and enjoyment. To overcome these challenges, a home-based, gamification-based training system may provide an effective approach to enhance exercise adherence. Objective: This study aimed to develop and evaluate the usability of a low-intensity, gamification-based, interactive physical- cognitive exercise for older adults in a home-based setting. Methods: The prototype of a game-based physical-cognitive exercise was created following the ADDIE model (analysis, design, development, implementation, and evaluation) and assessed for user experience in older adults. A total of 15 older adults engaged in the game-based physical-cognitive exercise at home for 60 minutes per day, 3 days per week, for 4 weeks. The usability of the game-based training system was evaluated using the system usability scale (SUS) after completion of a 4-week training program. As for satisfaction, the 8-item Physical Activity Enjoyment Scale (PACES) questionnaire was used to assess participants' enjoyment level after 1 week and 4 weeks of training. Descriptive statistics were used to illustrate the SUS score. A Wilcoxon signed-rank test was used to compare the PACES scores between the first week and the end of the 4-week period, with significance set at P <.05. Results: As for experts' consensus, the game-based training consisted of 3 games: Ocean Diver, Road Runner, and Moving and Memorizing. The games had 3 levels of difficulty: beginner, intermediate, and advanced. A computer vision-based system was selected as the delivery platform for a home setting. The total SUS score for all participants was mean 87.22 (SD 5.76), indicating the user's perception of the usability of a system ranging from good to excellent. At the end of the 4-week training, the total PACES score was significantly greater than the first week, suggesting an improvement in enjoyment (first week: mean 44.93, SD 3.99 vs fourth week: mean 50.53, SD 4.70; P =.001). Conclusions: The prototype of low-intensity, gamification-based, interactive physical-cognitive training was designed and developed using the ADDIE model, which included both experts and end users in the process. The findings showed that the exergame prototype was a usable and practical approach for a home-based setting, enhancing older adults' enjoyment and motivation. Further research is warranted to determine the effectiveness of such gamification-based training in promoting physical and cognitive functions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation:
- The intervention targets older adults, which meets the first criterion.
- The intervention involves a gamification-based, interactive physical-cognitive training, which can be considered an exergame, meeting the second criterion.
- However, the paper does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it focuses on the design, development, and evaluation of user experience, using descriptive statistics and a Wilcoxon signed-rank test to compare enjoyment levels. This means it does not meet the third criterion.
- The study is an evaluation of user experience and usability, rather than a randomized controlled trial with reported outcomes, so it does not fully meet the criteria for inclusion.

[Author]   Kamnardsiri, T., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    An Interactive Physical-Cognitive Game-Based Training System Using Kinect for Older Adults: Development and Usability Study.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 9(4).
[Abstract] Background: Declines in physical and cognitive functions are recognized as important risk factors for falls in older adults. Promising evidence suggests that interactive game-based systems that allow simultaneous physical and cognitive exercise are a potential approach to enhance exercise adherence and reduce fall risk in older adults. However, a limited number of studies have reported the development of a combined physical-cognitive game-based training system for fall risk reduction in older adults.Objective: The aim of this study is to develop and evaluate the usability of an interactive physical-cognitive game-based training system (game-based exercise) for older adults.Methods: In the development phase (Part I), a game based exercise prototype was created by integrating knowledge and a literature review as well as brainstorming with experts on effective fall prevention exercise for older adults. The output was a game-based exercise prototype that covers crucial physical and cognitive components related to falls. In the usability testing (Part II), 5 games (ie, Fruits Hunter, Where Am I?, Whack a Mole, Sky Falls, and Crossing Poison River) with three difficulty levels (ie, beginner, intermediate, and advanced levels) were tested in 5 older adults (mean age 70.40 years, SD 5.41 years). After completing the games, participants rated their enjoyment level while engaging with the games using the Physical Activity Enjoyment Scale (PACES) and commented on the games. Descriptive statistics were used to describe the participants' characteristics and PACES scores.Results: The results showed that the average PACES score was 123 out of 126 points overall and between 6.66 and 7.00 for each item, indicating a high level of enjoyment. Positive feedback, such as praise for the well-designed interactions and user-friendly interfaces, was also provided.Conclusions: These findings suggest that it is promising to implement an interactive, physical-cognitive game-based exercise in older adults. The effectiveness of a game-based exercise program for fall risk reduction has yet to be determined.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation:
- The paper focuses on the development and usability testing of an interactive physical-cognitive game-based training system for older adults.
- The intervention targets older adults, which meets the first criterion.
- The intervention is an exergame (interactive game-based system using Kinect), which meets the second criterion.
- However, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it reports on the usability testing and user feedback, which does not meet the third criterion.
- The paper is focused on the development and usability evaluation, not on the effectiveness of the intervention in a randomized controlled trial setting.. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Kampman, M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Stepped-care versus treatment as usual in panic disorder: A randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 15(8).
[Abstract] Stepped-care (SC) models for anxiety disorders are implemented on a large scale and are assumed to be as effective for the greater majority of patients as more intensive treatment schemes. To compare the outcomes of SC and international guideline-based treatment (Treatment as Usual: TAU) for panic disorder, a total of 128 patients were randomized to either SC or TAU (ratio 2: 1, respectively) using a computer generated algorithm. They were treated in four mental health care centres in the Netherlands after therapists had been trained in SC by a senior expert therapist. SC comprised 10-week guided self-help (pen-and-paper version) followed, if indicated, by 13-week manualized face-to-face cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), with medication- if prescribed- kept constant. TAU consisted of 23-week regular face-to-face CBT (RCBT) with medication -when prescribed- also kept constant. The means of the attended sessions in the SC condition was 5.9 (SD = 4.8) for ITT and 9.6 (SD = 9.6) for the RCBT condition. The difference in the number of attended sessions between the conditions was significant (t(126) = -3.87,p< .001). Remission rates between treatment conditions did not differ significantly (SC: 44.5%; RCBT: 53.3%) and symptom reduction was similar. Stepping up SC treatment to face-to-face CBT showed a minimal additional effect. Importantly, drop-out rates differed significantly for the two conditions (SC: 48.2%; RCBT: 26.7%). SC was effective in the treatment of panic disorder in terms of symptom reduction and remission rate, but dropout rates were twice as high as those seen in RCBT, with the second phase of SC not substantially improving treatment response. However, SC required significantly less therapist contact time compared to RCBT, and more research is needed to explore predictors of success for guided self-help interventions to allow treatment intensity to be tailored to patients' needs and preferences.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a comparison between stepped-care and treatment as usual for panic disorder. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and the intervention is related to cognitive behavioral therapy and guided self-help, not exergames. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kaos, M. D., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Efficacy of Online Multi-Player Versus Single-Player Exergames on Adherence Behaviors Among Children: A Nonrandomized Control Trial.
[Journal]  ANNALS OF BEHAVIORAL MEDICINE 52(10): 878-889.
[Abstract] Background Exergames have the potential to significantly increase physical activity in children. Studies to date have shown mixed results and often rely on self-reported data. Multi-player gaming may augment participation.Purpose The purpose of the study was to examine children's adherence behaviors in multi-player online exergames compared to a single-player condition within a home environment.Methods Seventy-two children, aged 9-12 years, who were not meeting physical activity guidelines at baseline, were allocated to the multi-player or single-player condition. Six-week cycle-based exergaming trials took place 5 day/week in the early evening with online game supervision. Bike use was objectively recorded via game logs.Results Adherence was high throughout the trial. Play session duration was M = 37.65 (SD = 15.39) min/day, and overall play duration was M = 133.45 (SD = 81.27) min in Week 1 and M = 77.23 (SD = 84.09) min in Week 6. Total physical activity was significantly higher at 6 weeks compared to baseline (p = .01, eta(2)(p) = .13). There was no significant difference in play duration between conditions (p = .57, eta(2)(p) = .01).Conclusion This trial objectively demonstrated that exergames can promote high adherence levels. Multi-player capabilities did not augment adherence levels. Introducing new games throughout the trial may have motivated participants to keep playing, regardless of whether play was against real or artificial opponents. Weekly play duration decreased due to a significant drop in play frequency. For children who enjoy exergames, innovative solutions to promote more frequent exergame play are needed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets children aged 9-12 years, and the study aims to examine adherence behaviors in multi-player online exergames compared to a single-player condition. Additionally, the study is a nonrandomized control trial, which does not meet the criteria for randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Kapnia, A. K., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Impact of Warm-Up on Muscle Temperature and Athletic Performance.
[Journal]  RESEARCH QUARTERLY FOR EXERCISE AND SPORT 94(2): 460-465.
[Abstract] Purpose: We performed two studies to investigate: the minute-by-minute changes in muscle temperature following a 20-min warm-up routine (Study-1) and the impact of the typical post-warm-up period of inactivity on the performance of basketball athletes (Study-2). Method: In Study-1, 26 males (age: 23.6 +/- 6.2 yr; BMI: 24.1 +/- 3.1 kg/m(2)) performed a 20-min cycling warm-up and then rested for 20 min. Tibialis anterior muscle temperature was assessed throughout. In Study-2, six male professional basketball players (age: 24.9 +/- 4.6 yr; BMI: 25.5 +/- 1.8 kg/m(2)) performed a series of basketball performance tests after a 20-min warm-up, as well as 9-min and 23-min into a post-warm-up period of inactivity. Results: On average, muscle temperature increased by 0.1 degrees C every minute during warm-up and dropped by the same amount every minute during inactivity. The increase during warm-up and the decrease during inactivity were higher at the start of each period. A 9-min inactivity period is accompanied by 3.8 +/- 0.6% reduction in countermovement jump (p = .046). A 23-min inactivity period is accompanied by 7.3 +/- 0.7% reduction in lay-up points (p = .027). Conclusion: These two studies show that a 20-min warm-up routine increases muscle temperature but this benefit is lost after a typical post-warm-up inactivity period in high-level basketball, leading to reductions in certain aspects of athletic performance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described involves a warm-up routine and its impact on muscle temperature and athletic performance, specifically in young male athletes. There is no mention of exergames, older people, or fall prevention.

[Author]   Karkada, S., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Knowledge and Competency of Novice Nursing Students in Nasogastric Tube Feeding: Is Simulation Better than Case Scenario?
[Journal]  Oman medical journal 34(6): 528-533.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVES: As the millennial generation enters the nursing profession, simulation takes on a key role in effective pedagogy. We sought to examine the efficacy of simulation versus case scenario as a teaching method for novice nursing students in the skill of nasogastric tube (NGT) feeding. We assessed the knowledge, competency, self-confidence, and satisfaction among these nursing students.METHODS: This quasi-experimental study was used to compare the efficacy of simulation and case scenarios in promoting knowledge, clinical competency, self-learning, and self-confidence among novice nursing students in the Middle East. The study sample included 69 students registered for the Fundamentals of Nursing Laboratory course at the College of Nursing, Sultan Qaboos University, Oman, during the spring and fall 2016 semesters. Thirty-five students were assigned to the intervention group and attended a simulation, while 34 students were assigned to the control group and were given the standard case scenario used in teaching this course. The competency of the students on NGT feeding skill was measured after a simulation or case scenario.RESULTS: In both groups, the majority of students were ≤ 20 years old, female, hailed from rural areas, and had a cumulative grade point average of > 2.5. Data showed a significant improvement in the mean scores of competency between the intervention and control groups (t (67) = 3.869, p < 0.001) suggesting that simulation was effective in gaining competency compared to the case scenario. There was a positive statistical significance between satisfaction and self-confidence among the intervention group.CONCLUSIONS: Simulation has an effective role in clinical education for teaching practical skills. However, in this study, there was a statistically significant difference in the mean scores between the two methods of teaching. This helped us to conclude that competency gained by novice students' learning a skill through simulation, was better than the competency gained through case scenario. We recommend simulation as an effective pedagogy among novice nursing students.KEYWORDS: Self Confidence; Female; Students, Nursing; Clinical Competence; Personal Satisfaction; Oman; Enteral Nutrition; Learning.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about comparing the effectiveness of simulation versus case scenario as a teaching method for novice nursing students in the skill of nasogastric tube feeding. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kashif, M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Systematic review of the application of virtual reality to improve balance, gait and motor function in patients with Parkinson's disease.
[Journal]  MEDICINE 101(31).
[Abstract] Background: Virtual reality (VR) is an advanced technique used in physical rehabilitation of neurological disorders, however the effects of VR on balance, gait, and motor function in people with Parkinson's (PD) are still debated. Therefore, the systematic review aimed to determine the role of VR on motor function, balance and gait in PD patients. Methods: A comprehensive search to identify similar randomised controlled trials was conducted targeting 5 databases including Web of Science, PubMed, CINHAL, Cochrane Library, and Physiotherapy Evidence Database. A total of 25 studies were found eligible for this systematic review, and the methodological assessment of the quality rating of the studies was accomplished using the physiotherapy evidence database scale by 2 authors. Results: Out of the 25 included studies, 14 studies reported on balance as the primary outcome, 9 studies were conducted to assess motor function, and 12 assessed gait as the primary outcome. Most studies used the Unified Parkinson disease rating scale UPDRS (part-III) for evaluating motor function and the Berg Balance Scale as primary outcome measure for assessing balance. A total of 24 trials were conducted in clinical settings, and only 1 study was home-based VR trainings. Out of 9 studies on motor function, 6 reported equal improvement of motor function as compared to other groups. In addition, VR groups also revealed superior results in improving static balance among patient with PD. Conclusion: This systemic review found that the use of VR resulted in substantial improvements in balance, gait, and motor skills in patients with PD when compared to traditional physical therapy exercises or in combination with treatments other than physical therapy. Moreover, VR can be used as a supportive method for physical rehabilitation in patients of PD. However, the majority of published studies were of fair and good quality, suggesting a demand for high quality research in this area.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that focuses on the application of virtual reality (VR) to improve balance, gait, and motor function in patients with Parkinson's disease. While it does involve an exergame (VR) and includes randomized controlled trials, the primary target population is not older people in general, but specifically patients with Parkinson's disease. Additionally, the paper is a systematic review, which does not meet the criteria for original data from randomized controlled trials as specified. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Kaur, R., et al. (2018).
[Title]    Virtual Reality, Visual Cliffs, and Movement Disorders
[Journal]  2018 40TH ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE OF THE IEEE ENGINEERING IN MEDICINE AND BIOLOGY SOCIETY (EMBC): 81-84.
[Abstract] We outline an experimental setup designed to dynamically understand neural responses to visual cliffs while walking. The goal of our work is understanding and mitigating fear of falling, particularly among the elderly. In our setup, an EEG cap monitors a subject's neural activity while the subject is immersed in a virtual world and walking on an instrumented treadmill. The subject's response to visual stimuli is measured by both the EEG cap and by speed and pressure data from the treadmill. Based on this data, we can dynamically alter the landscape in the virtual world. We hope that our setup may be useful in helping subjects develop mechanisms to compensate for significant fear of falling while walking.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes an experimental setup using virtual reality to understand and mitigate the fear of falling, particularly among the elderly. However, it does not explicitly state that the intervention is an exergame, nor does it mention a randomized controlled trial with reported results. The focus is more on understanding neural responses and developing mechanisms to compensate for the fear of falling, rather than directly using exergames to prevent falls.

[Author]   Kaur, R., et al. (2019).
[Title]    Using Virtual Reality to Examine the Neural and Physiological Responses to Height and Perturbations in Quiet Standing
[Journal]  2019 41ST ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE OF THE IEEE ENGINEERING IN MEDICINE AND BIOLOGY SOCIETY (EMBC): 5233-5236.
[Abstract] We describe an experimental setup, which uses virtual reality to understand neural responses to height and perturbations in human postural control. This system could help clinicians develop better methods to alleviate symptoms from a significant fear of heights, especially in the elderly and those with movement disorders, such as Parkinson's disease. In our design, EEG and EKG systems monitor the participants' neural responses and heart activities respectively, while they try to maintain balance on a force plate in an induced virtual world, experiencing randomized height changes and perturbations. These responses are then analyzed to understand the participants' anxiety caused by height and postural challenges.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes an experimental setup using virtual reality to understand neural and physiological responses to height and perturbations in quiet standing. While the setup involves older people and a virtual reality system, it is not specifically focused on using exergames to prevent falls. The primary aim is to examine neural and physiological responses, and there is no mention of a randomized controlled trial or results related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Kawaguchi, R. K., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Assessing Versatile Machine Learning Models for Glioma Radiogenomic Studies across Hospitals.
[Journal]  CANCERS 13(14).
[Abstract] Simple Summary Radiogenomics enables prediction of the status and prognosis of patients using non-invasively obtained imaging data. Current machine learning (ML) methods used in radiogenomics require huge datasets, which involve the handling of large heterogeneous datasets from multiple cohorts/hospitals. In this study, two different glioma datasets were used to test various ML and image pre-processing methods to confirm whether the models trained on one dataset are universally applicable to other datasets. Our result suggested that the ML method that yielded the highest accuracy in a single dataset was likely to be overfitted. We demonstrated that implementation of standardization and dimension reduction procedures prior to classification, enabled the development of ML methods that are less affected by the multiple cohort difference. We advocate using caution in interpreting the results of radiogenomic studies of the training and testing datasets that are small or mixed, with a view to implementing practical ML methods in radiogenomics. Radiogenomics use non-invasively obtained imaging data, such as magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), to predict critical biomarkers of patients. Developing an accurate machine learning (ML) technique for MRI requires data from hundreds of patients, which cannot be gathered from any single local hospital. Hence, a model universally applicable to multiple cohorts/hospitals is required. We applied various ML and image pre-processing procedures on a glioma dataset from The Cancer Image Archive (TCIA, n = 159). The models that showed a high level of accuracy in predicting glioblastoma or WHO Grade II and III glioma using the TCIA dataset, were then tested for the data from the National Cancer Center Hospital, Japan (NCC, n = 166) whether they could maintain similar levels of high accuracy. Results: we confirmed that our ML procedure achieved a level of accuracy (AUROC = 0.904) comparable to that shown previously by the deep-learning methods using TCIA. However, when we directly applied the model to the NCC dataset, its AUROC dropped to 0.383. Introduction of standardization and dimension reduction procedures before classification without re-training improved the prediction accuracy obtained using NCC (0.804) without a loss in prediction accuracy for the TCIA dataset. Furthermore, we confirmed the same tendency in a model for IDH1/2 mutation prediction with standardization and application of dimension reduction that was also applicable to multiple hospitals. Our results demonstrated that overfitting may occur when an ML method providing the highest accuracy in a small training dataset is used for different heterogeneous data sets, and suggested a promising process for developing an ML method applicable to multiple cohorts.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on assessing machine learning models for radiogenomic studies in glioma patients, using imaging data from different hospitals. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention, target population, or the type of study specified.

[Author]   Kawakita, G., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Gromov-Wasserstein unsupervised alignment reveals structural correspondences between the color similarity structures of humans and large language models.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 14(1).
[Abstract] Large Language Models (LLMs), such as the General Pre-trained Transformer (GPT), have shown remarkable performance in various cognitive tasks. However, it remains unclear whether these models have the ability to accurately infer human perceptual representations. Previous research has addressed this question by quantifying correlations between similarity response patterns of humans and LLMs. Correlation provides a measure of similarity, but it relies pre-defined item labels and does not distinguish category- and item- level similarity, falling short of characterizing detailed structural correspondence between humans and LLMs. To assess their structural equivalence in more detail, we propose the use of an unsupervised alignment method based on Gromov-Wasserstein optimal transport (GWOT). GWOT allows for the comparison of similarity structures without relying on pre-defined label correspondences and can reveal fine-grained structural similarities and differences that may not be detected by simple correlation analysis. Using a large dataset of similarity judgments of 93 colors, we compared the color similarity structures of humans (color-neurotypical and color-atypical participants) and two GPT models (GPT-3.5 and GPT-4). Our results show that the similarity structure of color-neurotypical participants can be remarkably well aligned with that of GPT-4 and, to a lesser extent, to that of GPT-3.5. These results contribute to the methodological advancements of comparing LLMs with human perception, and highlight the potential of unsupervised alignment methods to reveal detailed structural correspondences.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on comparing the color similarity structures between humans and large language models using an unsupervised alignment method based on Gromov-Wasserstein optimal transport. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention, target population, or the type of study required.

[Author]   Kayabinar, B., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    The effects of virtual reality augmented robot-assisted gait training on dual-task performance and functional measures in chronic stroke: a randomized controlled single-blind trial.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF PHYSICAL AND REHABILITATION MEDICINE 57(2): 227-237.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Many studies have demonstrated positive effects of virtual reality (VR) and robot-assisted gait training (RAGT) on balance, gait skills, functional capacity, active participation, and motivation in stroke patients, previously. However, the effects of VR augmented RAGT on dual-task performance which requires simultaneous use of motor and cognitive parameters have not been investigated.AIM: To primarily investigate the effects of virtual reality (VR) augmented robot-assisted gait training (RAGT) on dual-task performance and secondarily, functional measurements in chronic stroke patients.DESIGN: A randomized, single-blind trial.SETTING: Inpatient rehabilitation center.POPULATION: The study included 30 chronic stroke patients aged between 40-65 with the level of >= 3 from Functional Ambulation Classification and >= 24 from the Standardized Mini Mental State Examination.METHODS: Fifteen patients in the study group received VR augmented RAGT and 15 patients in the control group received only RAGT during 12 sessions (six weeks). All patients received neurodevelopmental therapy in addition to their treatments, simultaneously. To evaluate dual-task performance, motor and cognitive tasks were given in addition to the 10 Meter Walk (first motor task), and durations were recorded in seconds. Functional measures such as Functional Gait Assessment, Rivermead Mobility Index, Berg Balance Scale, Fall Activity Scale International, and the Functional Independence Measure for gait, mobility, balance, fear of falling, and independence in daily living activities were also applied, consecutively.RESULTS: The mean age of the study population was 57.93 +/- 5.91. After the treatment, single and dual-task gait speeds and cognitive dual-task performance increased in the study group (P<0.05), while no change was observed in the control group (P>0.05). No significant difference was detected between the groups in terms of all assessments after the treatment (P>0.05).CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrated that VR augmented RAGT improved dual-task gait speeds and dual-task performance of chronic stroke patients; however, there were no difference between the two groups after the treatment. Although functional improvements were determined with VR combined RAGT approach, it was not superior to RAGT only treatment.CLINICAL REHABILITATION IMPACT : The results of current study suggest the simultaneous use of VR as an adjunct therapy method to the functional training to obtain functional gains in ambulant patients with chronic stroke.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) augmented robot-assisted gait training (RAGT) in chronic stroke patients, not specifically in elderly people. The intervention targets individuals aged 40-65, which does not exclusively target older people. Additionally, the primary focus is on dual-task performance and functional measures in stroke patients, rather than on preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kazanski, M. E. and J. B. Dingwell (2021). 
[Title]    Effects of age, physical and self-perceived balance abilities on lateral stepping adjustments during competing lateral balance tasks.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 88: 311-317.
[Abstract] Background: Daily walking paths exhibit varying environment features and require continuous adjustments to locomotor trajectories. Humans maintain lateral balance while navigating paths by modifying stepping in accordance with changing side-to-side path limitations (e.g. path width, lateral location). These processes are influenced by one's actual physical ability to maintain balance, as well as their self-perceived balance ability. Older adults experience decreases in each of these abilities, which may alter their capacity to execute appropriate lateral stepping adaptations.Research Question: How do age, physical and self-perceived balance abilities interact to influence lateral stepping adaptations of older adults walking in complex environments with dynamic lateral path features?Methods: Twenty young (age mean +/- SD: 21.7 &+/- 2.6) and 18 older adults (age mean +/- SD: 71.6 &+/- 6.0) walked on an instrumented treadmill in a virtual-reality system. Participants adjusted lateral stepping during two competing lateral balance sub-tasks that manipulated either path width or location. Participants began walking on a gradually-narrowing path (sub-task A), then decided when/ how to laterally maneuver to an adjacent path (sub-task B). Recorded path characteristics were used to quantify spatial thresholds for stepping error onset and sub-task exchange.Results: Older adults made sub-task A stepping errors on wider paths and exchanged sub-tasks earlier. These differences were not directly attributed to age. Statistical path analyses revealed that physical balance ability mediated age effects on stepping error onset, while self-perceived balance ability mediated age effects on sub-task exchange. Both age groups exchanged sub-tasks when stepping accuracy likelihoods were similar and high, similar to 90 %.Significance: This work demonstrates important mechanisms for how age, via degradation of physical and self-perceived balance abilities, indirectly and differentially influences navigation of competing lateral balance tasks. Mediating physical and perceptual factors are potential targets for improving older adults' navigation of complex environments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older adults and a virtual-reality system, the focus is on understanding how age, physical balance ability, and self-perceived balance ability influence lateral stepping adjustments during walking tasks. The study does not specifically aim to prevent falls through an exergame intervention, nor does it report on a randomized controlled trial designed to evaluate such an intervention.

[Author]   Kelly, J. W., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Visual Stabilization of Balance in Virtual Reality Using the HTC Vive.
[Journal]  ACM TRANSACTIONS ON APPLIED PERCEPTION 16(2).
[Abstract] Vision in real environments stabilizes balance compared to an eyes-closed condition. For virtual reality to be safe and fully effective in applications such as physical rehabilitation, vision in virtual reality should stabilize balance as much as vision in the real world. Older virtual reality technology was previously found to stabilize balance but by less than half as much as real-world vision. Recent advancements in display technology might allow for vision in virtual reality to be as stabilizing as vision in the real world. This study evaluated whether viewing a virtual environment through the HTC Vive-a new consumer-grade head-mounted display-stabilizes balance, and whether visual stabilization is similar to that provided by real-world vision. Participants viewed the real laboratory or a virtual replica of the laboratory and attempted to maintain an unstable stance with eyes open or closed while standing at one of two viewing distances. Vision was significantly stabilizing in all conditions, but the virtual environment provided less visual stabilization than did the real environment. Regardless of the environment, near viewing led to greater visual stabilization than did far viewing. The smaller stabilizing influence of viewing a virtual compared to real environment might lead to greater risk of falls in virtual reality and smaller gains in physical rehabilitation using virtual reality.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not specifically about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does discuss the stabilization of balance in virtual reality, which could be relevant to fall prevention, it does not meet all the criteria:. 1. The intervention targets are not explicitly stated to include older people.
2. The study evaluates the effect of viewing a virtual environment through the HTC Vive on balance, but it does not mention an exergame or any specific exercise or cognitive training.
3. The paper does not report results from a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Khademi, N., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Building a less intimidating cycling environment for women: A structural equation modeling analysis based on a VR-based laboratory experiment.
[Journal]  TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH PART F-TRAFFIC PSYCHOLOGY AND BEHAVIOUR 100: 431-457.
[Abstract] Background: Security perception significantly affects women's intention to use bikes. This area is under-researched in a context where female cyclists face harassment in a setting of low-or middle-Income countries.Objectives: This study aims to contribute to understanding the determinants of security perception as a latent construct by establishing the relationship between perceived security, individual at-tributes, and built environment features.Methods: (i) Participants: a total of 208 women in Tehran participated in a laboratory-like experiment (age ranging from 18 to 42 years [M = 28.8 +/- 14.15], 63 % with a household having at least one bike, 75 % never use a bike for daily trips, and 67 % are without any experience of harassment and insecurity). (ii) Apparatus: a two-degree-of-freedom VR-based bicycle simulator comprising sixteen scenarios that combine various states of built environment factors is employed. (iii) Procedure: the test consists of several stages. The experiment for each participant took an average of 26 min. The experiments were conducted over 50 days. (iv) Modeling: a structural equation model (SEM) was developed and estimated using the partial least squares technique.Findings: Informal surveillance (i.e., people's presence) is the most important determinant of perceived security. The second most important factor is evidence of incivility (trash in the streets, abandoned cars, damaged urban furniture, graffiti, etc.). The third noteworthy factor is the type
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on understanding the determinants of security perception for women cyclists using a VR-based bicycle simulator. The target population is women, and the intervention is aimed at assessing their security perception in a cycling environment, rather than preventing falls in older people.

[Author]   Khalil, H., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    The development and pilot evaluation of virtual reality balance scenarios in people with multiple sclerosis (MS): A feasibility study.
[Journal]  NEUROREHABILITATION 43(4): 473-482.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Balance deficits are considered a risk factor for falls in MS patients. Therefore, developing innovative approaches such as virtual reality (VR) to improve balance in MS is required.OBJECTIVES: The aims of this study were to develop and evaluate feasibility and acceptability of VR scenarios that target balance in MS using a pilot trial.METHODS: Participants were randomly allocated to either a VR training (i.e. intervention group) (n = 20) or a control group (n = 20). Intervention group received VR training for 6 weeks. Control group received home-based traditional balance exercises without the VR. Participants were assessed at baseline and follow-up on Berg Balance Scale (BBS), Timed Up and Go (TUG), the 10 Meter Walk Test (10-MWT), the 3 Minute Walk Distance (3-MWD), the Modified Fatigue Impact Scale (MFIS) Fall Efficacy Scale- International (FES-I) and the Short Form 36 (SF-36).RESULTS: Six VR scenarios were developed. Sixteen participants in the intervention and 16 in the control group completed the study. Significant differences between the two groups were observed at on BBS, MFIS and several outcomes of the SF-36 survey (P < 0.05). Participants reported overall level of satisfaction with the developed VR scenarios.CONCLUSIONS: Findings demonstrated the feasibility and acceptability of a VR-based program in MS individuals. Our findings support the implementation of a larger trial of longer-term VR program.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and pilot evaluation of virtual reality balance scenarios in people with multiple sclerosis (MS) and not specifically in the elderly. While it does involve a randomized controlled trial and uses a form of exergame (virtual reality), the target population is MS patients, which does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people.

[Author]   Khalili-Mahani, N., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Reflective and Reflexive Stress Responses of Older Adults to Three Gaming Experiences In Relation to Their Cognitive Abilities: Mixed Methods Crossover Study.
[Journal]  JMIR MENTAL HEALTH 7(3).
[Abstract] Background: The gamification of digital health provisions for older adults (eg, for rehabilitation) is a growing trend; however, many older adults are not familiar with digital games. This lack of experience could cause stress and thus impede participants' motivations to adopt these technologies.Objective: This crossover longitudinal multifactorial study aimed to examine the interactions between game difficulty, appraisal, cognitive ability, and physiological and cognitive responses that indicate game stress using the Affective Game Planning for Health Applications framework.Methods: A total of 18 volunteers (mean age 71 years, SD 4.5; 12 women) completed a three-session study to evaluate different genres of games in increasing order of difficulty (S-1-BrainGame, S-2-CarRace, and S-3-Exergame). Each session included an identical sequence of activities (t(1)-Baseline, t(2)-Picture encode, t(3)-Play, t(4)-Stroop test, t(5)-Play, and t(6)-Picture recall), a repeated sampling of salivary cortisol, and time-tagged ambulatory data from a wrist-worn device. Generalized estimating equations were used to investigate the effect of sessionxactivity or sessionxactivityxcognitive ability on physiology and cognitive performance. Scores derived from the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) test were used to define cognitive ability (MoCA-high: MoCA>27, n=11/18). Kruskal-Wallis tests were used to test session or sessionxgroup effects on the scores of the postgame appraisal questionnaire.Results: Sessionxactivity effects were significant on all ambulatory measures (chi(2)(10)>20; P<.001) other than cortisol (P=.37). Compared with S-1 and S-2, S-3 was associated with approximately 10 bpm higher heart rate (P<.001) and approximately 5 muS higher electrodermal activity (P<.001), which were both independent of the movement caused by the exergame. Compared with S-1, we measured a moderate but statistically significant drop in the rate of hits in immediate recall and rate of delayed recall in S-3. The low-MoCA group did not differ from the high-MoCA group in general characteristics (age, general self-efficacy, and perceived stress) but was more likely to agree with statements such as digital games are too hard to learn. In addition, the low-MoCA group was more likely to dislike the gaming experience and find it useless, uninteresting, and visually more intense (chi(1)(1)>4; P<.04). Group differences in ambulatory signals did not reach statistical significance; however, the rate of cortisol decline with respect to the baseline was significantly larger in the low-MoCA group.Conclusions: Our results show that the experience of playing digital games was not stressful for our participants. Comparatively, the neurophysiological effects of exergame were more pronounced in the low-MoCA group, suggesting greater potential of this genre of games for cognitive and physical stimulation by gamified interventions; however, the need for enjoyment of this type of challenging game must be addressed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study includes an exergame and involves older adults, the primary focus is on examining the stress responses and cognitive abilities of older adults in relation to different types of games, including an exergame. The study does not specifically target fall prevention, and it does not report results from a randomized controlled trial focused on this outcome.

[Author]   Khan, A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Associations between adolescent sleep difficulties and active versus passive screen time across 38 countries.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF AFFECTIVE DISORDERS 320: 298-304.
[Abstract] Background: High screen use has been adversely linked with mental wellbeing; however, little is known about how active versus passive screen time are associated with sleep-onset difficulties among adolescents.Methods: We analysed data from 38 European and North American countries that participated in the 2014 Health Behaviour in School-aged Children (HBSC) survey. Difficulties in falling sleep were assessed using a self-reported item with a 5-point Likert scale, and then dichotomised. Participants reported h/day of discretional time spent watching television, electronic gaming, and computer use.Results: Of the 195,668 participants (Mage 13.59 [1.62] years; 51 % girls), about 25 % of girls reported sleep-onset difficulties, while the rate was 18 % in boys. Adolescents who played electronic games >4 h/day (<= 1 h/day as reference) had 30 % higher odds in boys (OR 1.30; 95 % CI: 1.23-1.38) and 38 % higher odds in girls (OR 1.38; 95 % CI: 1.31-1.45) of reporting sleep difficulties. High computer use (>4 h/day) increased the odds of sleep difficulties by 41 % in boys (OR 1.41, 95 % CI: 1.33-1.49) and 61 % in girls (OR 1.61, 95 % CI: 1.53-1.69). Similarly, high television time (>4 h/day) had increased the odds of sleep difficulties by 15 % in boys (OR 1.15, 95 % CI: 1.08-1.22) and 19 % in girls (OR 1.19, 95 % CI: 1.12-1.25).Limitations: Cross-sectional analyses cannot establish causality of the associations.Conclusions: Higher levels of recreational screen use of any type were associated with sleep-onset difficulties among adolescents with adverse effects being more prevalent in active than passive screen time. Prospective research with objective measures is warranted to understand causality of these relationships.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the association between screen time (including electronic gaming, computer use, and television watching) and sleep difficulties in adolescents. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The target population is adolescents, not older people, and the focus is on sleep rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the study is observational and does not involve a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Khandoker, A. H., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Tone Entropy Analysis of Augmented Information Effects on Toe-Ground Clearance When Walking.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON NEURAL SYSTEMS AND REHABILITATION ENGINEERING 24(11): 1218-1224.
[Abstract] Minimum toe clearance (MTC) is an event approximately mid-swing in the walking cycle that is critical for preventing unintended foot contact with surface irregularities ("tripping"). Treadmill-based gait training for older adults was undertaken using real-time augmented information to increase foot-ground clearance at MTC (MTC height). Ten young (Y) (Age: 23 2 year) and ten older (O) (Age: 76 9 year) participants undertook 10 min preferred speed treadmill walking (baseline) followed by 20 min with MTC height information (training) and 10 min without augmented information (retention). Three-dimensional lower limb position was sampled at 100 Hz from which MTC height was computed for each step cycle. MTC height data were analyzed using traditional descriptive statistics (mean and SD) and by computing tone (T) and entropy (E) to show, respectively, cycle-to-cycle changes to MTC height and the informational content of the MTC height time-series. There were significant (p < 0.05) age-group differences in T-E values of MTC height; Baseline (Older = -5.40 +/- 2.00 (T); -6.63 +/- 0.23 (E); Young -3.00 +/- 0.89 (T); -6.20 +/- 0.51 (E)), Training (Older = -5.05 3.45 (T); 6.46 0.42 (E); Young = -2.55 +/- 0.67 (T); 6.75 +/- 0.39 (E)) Retention (Older = -3.77 +/- 2.59 (T); 6.38 +/- 0.46 (E); Young = -2.55 +/- 0.67 (T); 6.26 +/- 0.39 (E)). Relative to baseline, tone value was significantly (p < 0.05) reduced and entropy was elevated in training and vice versa in retention phase for the young group but no significant trends were observed for older group. T and E measures of MTC height considered separately discriminated the age groups only in baseline but distinctive " clusters" were observed in tone versus entropy plots indicating characteristically different patterns of MTC adjustment over step cycles. Treadmill training with MTC height augmented information is a practical intervention for reducing tripping in older people and others with gait impairments. T-E analysis is useful for identifying characteristics of lower limb control with ageing that have not been previously recognized in studies employing traditional statistical analysis of the MTC event.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study involves older adults and an intervention aimed at improving gait, the intervention is not an exergame. The intervention used in this study is treadmill-based gait training with real-time augmented information, which does not fit the definition of an exergame (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, cognitive training, etc.). Additionally, the focus is on increasing foot-ground clearance during walking, rather than specifically using an exergame to prevent falls.

[Author]   Khanna, K., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Proximal Humerus Fracture 3-D Modeling.
[Journal]  American journal of orthopedics (Belle Mead, N.J.) 47(4).
[Abstract] The objective of this study is to determine the reproducibility and feasibility of using 3-dimensional (3-D) computer simulation of proximal humerus fracture computed tomography (CT) scans for fracture reduction. We hypothesized that anatomic reconstruction with 3-D models would be anatomically accurate and reproducible. Preoperative CT scans of 28 patients with 3- and 4-part (AO classification 11-B1, 11-B2, 11-C1, 11-C2) proximal humerus fractures who were treated by hemiarthroplasty were converted into 3-D computer models. The displaced fractured fragments were anatomically reduced with computer simulation by 2 fellowship-trained shoulder surgeons, and measurements were made of the reconstructed proximal humerus. The measurements of the reconstructed models had very good to excellent interobserver and intraobserver reliability. The reconstructions of these humerus fractures showed interclass correlation coefficients ranging from 0.71 to 0.93 between 1 observer and from 0.82 to 0.98 between 2 different observers. The fracture reduction was judged against normal proximal humerus geometry to determine reduction accuracy. The 3-D modeling techniques used to reconstruct 3- and 4-part proximal humerus fractures were reliable and accurate. This technique of modeling and reconstructing proximal humerus fractures could be used to enhance the preoperative planning of open reduction and internal fixation or hemiarthroplasty for 3- and 4-part proximal humerus fractures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of 3-dimensional (3-D) computer simulation for the reduction of proximal humerus fractures, which is not related to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the reproducibility and feasibility of 3-D modeling for surgical planning, and it does not meet any of the criteria specified for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Khelemsky, R., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Validation of a Novel Cognitive Simulator for Orbital Floor Reconstruction.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ORAL AND MAXILLOFACIAL SURGERY 75(4): 775-785.
[Abstract] Purpose: The increasing focus on patient safety in current medical practice has promoted the development of surgical simulation technology in the form of virtual reality (VR) training designed largely to improve technical skills and less so for nontechnical aspects of surgery such as decision making and material knowledge. The present study investigated the validity of a novel cognitive VR simulator called Touch Surgery for a core maxillofacial surgical procedure: orbital floor reconstruction (OFR).Materials and Methods: A cross-sectional study was carried out on 2 groups of participants with different experience levels. Novice graduate dental students and expert surgeons were recruited from a local dental school and academic residency programs, respectively. All participants completed the OFR module on Touch Surgery. The primary outcome variable was simulator performance score. Post-module questionnaires rating specific aspects of the simulation experience were completed by the 2 groups and served as the secondary outcome variables. The age and gender of participants were considered additional predictor variables. From these data, conclusions were made regarding 3 types of validity (face, content, and construct) for the Touch Surgery simulator. Dependent-samples t tests were used to explore the consistency in simulation performance scores across phases 1 and 2 by experience level. Two multivariate ordinary least-squares regression models were fit to estimate the relation between experience and phase 1 and 2 scores.Results: Thirty-nine novices and 10 experts who were naive to Touch Surgery were recruited for the study. Experts outperformed novices on phases 1 and 2 of the OFR module (P < .001), which provided the measurement of construct validation. Responses to the questionnaire items used to assess face validity were favorable from the 2 groups. Positive questionnaire responses also were recorded from experts alone on items assessing the content validity for the module. Participant age and gender were not relevant predictors of performance scores.Conclusion: Construct, content, and face validities were observed for the OFR module on a novel cognitive simulator, Touch Surgery. Therefore, OFR simulation on the smart device platform could serve as a useful cognitive training and assessment tool in maxillofacial surgery residency programs. (C) 2016 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the validation of a cognitive virtual reality (VR) simulator for orbital floor reconstruction, which is a surgical procedure. The study focuses on the use of this simulator as a training and assessment tool for novice dental students and expert surgeons. It does not target older people, nor is it an exergame designed to prevent falls in the elderly. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Khosravi, P. and A. H. Ghapanchi (2016). 
[Title]    Investigating the effectiveness of technologies applied to assist seniors: A systematic literature review.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INFORMATICS 85(1): 17-26.
[Abstract] Background: Recently, a number of Information and Communication Technologies have emerged with the aim to provide innovative and efficient ways to help seniors in their daily life and to reduce the cost of healthcare. Studies have been conducted to introduce an assistive technology to support seniors and to investigate the acceptance of these as sistive technologies; however, research illustrating the effectiveness of assistive technologies is scant.Method: This study undertakes a systematic literature review of ScienceDirect, PubMed, Pro Quest and IEEE Explore databases to investigate current empirical studies on the assistive technologies applied in aged care. Our systematic review of an initial set of 2035 studies published from 2000 to 2014 examines the role of as sistive technologies in seniors' daily lives, from enhancements in their mobility to improvements in the social connectedness and decreases in readmission to hospitals.Results: This study found eight key issues in aged care that have been targeted by researchers from different disciplines (e.g., ICT, health and social science), namely, dependent living, fall risk, chronic disease, dementia, social isolation, depression, poor well-being, and poor medication management. This paper also identified the assistive technologies that have been proposed to overcome those problems, and we categorised these assistive technologies into six clusters, namely, general ICT, robotics, telemedicine, sensor technology, medication management applications, and video games. In addition, we analyzed the effectiveness of the identified technologies and noted that some technologies can change and enhance seniors' daily lives and relieve their problems. Our analysis showed a significant growth in the number of publications in this area in the past few years. It also showed that most of the studies in this area have been conducted in North America.Conclusion: Assistive technologies are a reality and can be applied to improve quality of life, especially among older age groups. This study identified various assistive technologies proposed by ICT researchers to assist the elderly. We also identified the effectiveness of the proposed technologies. This review shows that, although assistive technologies have been positively evaluated, more studies are needed regarding the outcome and effectiveness of these technologies. 2015 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic literature review that examines various assistive technologies used to support seniors, including video games. However, it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, and it does not report results from randomized controlled trials. The paper is more of a broad overview of different assistive technologies and their effectiveness, rather than a focused study on exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Kiadaliri, A. A., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Educational inequalities in falls mortality among older adults: population-based multiple cause of death data from Sweden.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF EPIDEMIOLOGY AND COMMUNITY HEALTH 72(1): 68-70.
[Abstract] Background Falls are the leading cause of fatal injuries among elderly adults. While socioeconomic status including education is a well-documented predictor of many individual health outcomes including mortality, little is known about socioeconomic inequalities in falls mortality among adults. This study aimed to assess educational inequalities in falls mortality among older adults in Sweden using multiple cause of death data.Methods All residents aged 50. 75 years in the Skane region, Sweden, during 1998. 2013 (n=566 478) were followed until death, relocation outside Skane or end of 2014. We identified any mention of falls on death certificates (n=1047). We defined three levels of education. We used an additive hazards model and Cox regression with age as time scale adjusted for marital status and country of birth to calculate slope and relative indices of inequality (SII/RII). We also computed the population attributable fraction of lower educational attainment. Analyses were performed separately for men and women.Results Both SII and RII revealed statistically significant educational inequalities in falls mortality among men in favour of high educated (SII (95% CI): 15.5 (9.8 to 21.3) per 100 000 person-years; RII: 2.19 (1.60 to 3.00)) but not among women. Among men, 34% (95% CI 19 to 46) of falls deaths were attributable to lower education.Conclusions There was an inverse association between education and deaths from falls among men but not women. The results suggest that individual's education should be considered in falls reduction interventions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on educational inequalities in falls mortality among older adults, using multiple cause of death data from Sweden. It does not mention any intervention involving exergames or any randomized controlled trials related to such interventions.

[Author]   Kiehl, L., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Deep learning can predict lymph node status directly from histology in colorectal cancer.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF CANCER 157: 464-473.
[Abstract] Background: Lymph node status is a prognostic marker and strongly influences therapeutic decisions in colorectal cancer (CRC). Objectives: The objective of the study is to investigate whether image features extracted by a deep learning model from routine histological slides and/or clinical data can be used to predict CRC lymph node metastasis (LNM). Methods: Using histological whole slide images (WSIs) of primary tumours of 2431 patients in the DACHS cohort, we trained a convolutional neural network to predict LNM. In parallel, we used clinical data derived from the same cases in logistic regression analyses. Subsequently, the slide-based artificial intelligence predictor (SBAIP) score was included in the regression. WSIs and data from 582 patients of the TCGA cohort were used as the external test set. Results: On the internal test set, the SBAIP achieved an area under receiver operating characteristic (AUROC) of 71.0%, the clinical classifier achieved an AUROC of 67.0% and a combination of the two classifiers yielded an improvement to 74.1%. Whereas the clinical classifier's performance remained stable on the TCGA set, performance of the SBAIP dropped to an AUROC of 61.2%. Performance of the clinical classifier depended strongly on the T stage. Conclusion: Deep learning-based image analysis may help predict LNM of patients with CRC using routine histological slides. Combination with clinical data such as T stage might be useful. Strategies to increase performance of the SBAIP on external images should be investigated. (c) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using deep learning to predict lymph node status in colorectal cancer patients. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not related to preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kieu, V., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    The Use of Virtual Reality Learning on Transition Education in Adolescents with Congenital Heart Disease.
[Journal]  PEDIATRIC CARDIOLOGY 44(8): 1856-1860.
[Abstract] Improvement in congenital heart disease (CHD) outcomes has created a growing population of adolescents and young adults with unique health needs that require thoughtful transition planning and eventual transfer of care to an adult provider. Often, poor health literacy and limited resources can lead to interrupted care, which places them at risk for adverse health-related consequences. In 2019, the Wisconsin Adult Congenital Heart Disease transition program partnered with Stanford Virtual Heart (SVH), a virtual reality (VR) platform, to allow young adult patients to learn about their CHD in a clinic-based setting. We completed a single-center pilot study to evaluate these patients' experience and perceptions to using VR during their transition education. At an initial transition visit, we used an immediate post-VR experience survey, scored using Likert scales of 1-5 (1 = strongly disagree, 5 = strongly agree). Twenty-two patients (13 males) between the ages of 16 and 19 participated. Lesions included pulmonary stenosis, Tetralogy of Fallot, atrial and ventricular septal defect, coarctation, aortic stenosis, hypoplastic left heart syndrome, and patent ductus arteriosus. Likert averages were 4.7 for finding VR helped with understanding their heart lesion, 4.6 for finding VR helped with understanding their heart surgery, 4.7 for enjoying the VR heart simulation, and 4.6 for finding that it was a good use of time. This study demonstrates that adolescents enjoyed using SVH and found it helpful. Clinical implementation shows promise as a plausible adjunct tool for transition education.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) to improve transition education for adolescents with congenital heart disease. The intervention targets adolescents, not older people, and the focus is on health education rather than fall prevention. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kilim, O., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Physical imaging parameter variation drives domain shift.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 12(1).
[Abstract] Statistical learning algorithms strongly rely on an oversimplified assumption for optimal performance, that is, source (training) and target (testing) data are independent and identically distributed. Variation in human tissue, physician labeling and physical imaging parameters (PIPs) in the generative process, yield medical image datasets with statistics that render this central assumption false. When deploying models, new examples are often out of distribution with respect to training data, thus, training robust dependable and predictive models is still a challenge in medical imaging with significant accuracy drops common for deployed models. This statistical variation between training and testing data is referred to as domain shift (DS).To the best of our knowledge we provide the first empirical evidence that variation in PIPs between test and train medical image datasets is a significant driver of DS and model generalization error is correlated with this variance. We show significant covariate shift occurs due to a selection bias in sampling from a small area of PIP space for both inter and intra-hospital regimes. In order to show this, we control for population shift, prevalence shift, data selection biases and annotation biases to investigate the sole effect of the physical generation process on model generalization for a proxy task of age group estimation on a combined 44 k image mammogram dataset collected from five hospitals.We hypothesize that training data should be sampled evenly from PIP space to produce the most robust models and hope this study provides motivation to retain medical image generation metadata that is almost always discarded or redacted in open source datasets. This metadata measured with standard international units can provide a universal regularizing anchor between distributions generated across the world for all current and future imaging modalities.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The abstract discusses domain shift in medical imaging and its impact on the performance of statistical learning algorithms, particularly focusing on the variation in physical imaging parameters (PIPs) and how it affects model generalization. There is no mention of exergames, fall prevention, or interventions targeting older people.

[Author]   Kilinc, S., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Effects of virtual balance training and conservative rehabilitation on balance in chronic stroke patients.
[Journal]  NEUROLOGY ASIA 28(3): 593-603.
[Abstract] Objective: This study aimed to test the comparative efficacy of virtual balance training (VBT) and conservative rehabilitation (CR) relative to CR alone on balance in chronic stroke patients. Methods: Thirty patients with chronic stroke (>6-months post-stroke) were allocated into 2 groups (n=15) as Group CR and Group VBT. CR was performed for 60 min, 4 times a week, for 8 weeks in both groups. VBT was applied for 20 min, 4 times a week, for 8 weeks along with the CR, in Group VBT. Brunnstrom motor recovery (BMR) stage, spasticity degrees, Functional Ambulation Scale (FAS), Short Form-36 (SF-36) scale, Berg Balance Scale (BBS) in both groups were assessed before and after treatment. Mann-Whitney U, Wilcoxon signed rank tests were used to evaluate BBS data (p<0.05). Results: Although, no significant difference was observed between groups in terms of BBS scores, BMR stages, FAS scores, SF-36 scale scores, and spasticity degrees before and after treatment; significant improvements were observed in BBS scores, BMR stages, and FAS scores after treatment in both groups (p<0.05). Comparing the SF-36 subscale scores before and after treatment, significant differences were noted in emotional role limitation scores for Group VBT (p=0.03) and in pain scores for Group CR (p=0.01).Conclusion: VBT along with the CR in chronic stroke patients was not superior to the CR alone, in terms of improving balance, motor recovery, ambulation level, and quality of life.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on chronic stroke patients and compares the effects of virtual balance training (VBT) and conservative rehabilitation (CR) on balance, motor recovery, ambulation level, and quality of life. While VBT can be considered a form of exergame, the target population is not specifically older people, and the primary focus is on stroke rehabilitation rather than fall prevention.

[Author]   Kim, A., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Walking in fully immersive virtual environments: an evaluation of potential adverse effects in older adults and individuals with Parkinson's disease.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 14.
[Abstract] Background: Virtual reality (VR) has recently been explored as a tool for neurorehabilitation to enable individuals with Parkinson's disease (PD) to practice challenging skills in a safe environment. Current technological advances have enabled the use of affordable, fully immersive head-mounted displays (HMDs) for potential therapeutic applications. However, while previous studies have used HMDs in individuals with PD, these were only used for short bouts of walking. Clinical applications of VR for gait training would likely involve an extended exposure to the virtual environment, which has the potential to cause individuals with PD to experience simulator-related adverse effects due to their age or pathology. Thus, our objective was to evaluate the safety of using an HMD for longer bouts of walking in fully immersive VR for older adults and individuals with PD.Methods: Thirty-three participants (11 healthy young, 11 healthy older adults, and 11 individuals with PD) were recruited for this study. Participants walked for 20 min while viewing a virtual city scene through an HMD (Oculus Rift DK2). Safety was evaluated using the mini-BESTest, measures of center of pressure (CoP) excursion, and questionnaires addressing symptoms of simulator sickness (SSQ) and measures of stress and arousal.Results: Most participants successfully completed all trials without any discomfort. There were no significant changes for any of our groups in symptoms of simulator sickness or measures of static and dynamic balance after exposure to the virtual environment. Surprisingly, measures of stress decreased in all groups while the PD group also increased the level of arousal after exposure.Conclusions: Older adults and individuals with PD were able to successfully use immersive VR during walking without adverse effects. This provides systematic evidence supporting the safety of immersive VR for gait training in these populations.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about evaluating the safety of using a fully immersive virtual environment (via head-mounted displays) for walking in older adults and individuals with Parkinson's disease. While it does involve an intervention that could be considered an exergame, the primary focus is on the safety and potential adverse effects rather than the use of the intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report results related to fall prevention, but rather on the safety and tolerability of the VR setup.

[Author]   Kim, H., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Clinical validation of enhanced CT imaging for distal radius fractures through conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGAN).
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 19(8).
[Abstract] Background/purposeDistal radius fractures (DRFs) account for approximately 18% of fractures in patients 65 years and older. While plain radiographs are standard, the value of high-resolution computed tomography (CT) for detailed imaging crucial for diagnosis, prognosis, and intervention planning, and increasingly recognized. High-definition 3D reconstructions from CT scans are vital for applications like 3D printing in orthopedics and for the utility of mobile C-arm CT in orthopedic diagnostics. However, concerns over radiation exposure and suboptimal image resolution from some devices necessitate the exploration of advanced computational techniques for refining CT imaging without compromising safety. Therefore, this study aims to utilize conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGAN) to improve the resolution of 3 mm CT images (CT enhancement).MethodsFollowing institutional review board approval, 3 mm-1 mm paired CT data from 11 patients with DRFs were collected. cGAN was used to improve the resolution of 3 mm CT images to match that of 1 mm images (CT enhancement). Two distinct methods were employed for training and generating CT images. In Method 1, a 3 mm CT raw image was used as input with the aim of generating a 1 mm CT raw image. Method 2 was designed to emphasize the difference value between the 3 mm and 1 mm images; using a 3 mm CT raw image as input, it produced the difference in image values between the 3 mm and 1 mm CT scans. Both quantitative metrics, such as peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR), mean squared error (MSE), and structural similarity index (SSIM), and qualitative assessments by two orthopedic surgeons were used to evaluate image quality by assessing the grade (1 similar to 4, which low number means high quality of resolution).ResultsQuantitative evaluations showed that our proposed techniques, particularly emphasizing the difference value in Method 2, consistently outperformed traditional approaches in achieving higher image resolution. In qualitative evaluation by two clinicians, images from method 2 showed better quality of images (grade: method 1, 2.7; method 2, 2.2). And more choice was found in method 2 for similar image with 1 mm slice image (15 vs 7, p = 201).ConclusionIn our study utilizing cGAN for enhancing CT imaging resolution, the authors found that the method, which focuses on the difference value between 3 mm and 1 mm images (Method 2), consistently outperformed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using conditional Generative Adversarial Networks (cGAN) to enhance the resolution of CT images for distal radius fractures, particularly in older patients. It does not involve any exergames or interventions aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kim, J. W., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Clinical experience with three-dimensional printing techniques in orthopedic trauma.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ORTHOPAEDIC SCIENCE 23(2): 383-388.
[Abstract] Background: To report our experiences with the use of three-dimensional (3D) printing in the field of orthopedic trauma.Methods: This retrospective study enrolled 24 patients from three university teaching hospitals in whom 3D printing technique was applied: 14 patients with acetabular fractures and 10 patients with clavicular shaft fractures. We summarized our experiences with 3D printed bone models.Results: Three-dimensional printed acetabular models improved understanding of complex acetabular anatomy and fracture pattern to plan the optimal positioning of a reduction clamp and the trajectory of screws. Pre-bending of a reconstruction plate could reduce operative time. We also recorded fluoroscopic images of a simulated surgery for percutaneous screw fixation of the acetabular posterior column, with the optimal positioning of the guide wire determined during the simulation used as a reference during the actual operation. This surgical simulation was performed by a resident and served as a helpful training method. For fractures of the clavicle, we identified the optimal position of anatomical plates using 3D printed clavicle models.Conclusion: In our experience, 3D printing technique provided surgeons with improved understanding of the fracture pattern and anatomy and was effectively used for preoperative planning, education of surgical trainees, and performing simulations to improve intra-operative technical outcomes. (c) 2018 The Japanese Orthopaedic Association. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of three-dimensional (3D) printing techniques in orthopedic trauma, specifically for preoperative planning and surgical training. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kim, S., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    COVID-19-related anxiety and the role of social media among Canadian youth.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PSYCHIATRY 14.
[Abstract] Background Current literature indicates that safety measures, including lockdowns during the COVID-19 pandemic, severely disrupted our lifestyle, marked by increased screen time. The increased screen time is mostly associated with exacerbated physical and mental wellbeing. However, the studies that examine the relationship between specific types of screen time and COVID-19-related anxiety among youth are limited.Methods We examined the usage of passive watching, social media, video games, and educational screen time and COVID-19-related anxiety at the 5-time points (Early-Spring 2021, Late-Spring 2021, Fall 2021, Winter 2022, and Spring 2022) among youth in Southern Ontario, Canada (N = 117, mean age = 16.82, male = 22%, non-White = 21%) and investigated the role of 4 types of screen time in COVID-19 related anxiety. COVID-related anxiety was measured using the Coronavirus Anxiety Scale (CAS). Descriptive statistics examined the binary relationships between demographic factors, screen time, and COVID-related anxiety. Also, partially adjusted and fully adjusted binary logistic regression analyses were conducted to examine the association between the types of screen time and COVID-19-related anxiety.Results During the late Spring of 2021, when the provincial safety restrictions were most stringent, screen time was the highest among the 5 data collection time points. Further, adolescents experienced the highest COVID-19-related anxiety during this period. On the other hand, young adults experienced the highest COVID-19-related anxiety during Spring 2022. In a partially adjusted model (accounting for other types of screen time), engaging in 1-5 h per day on social media increased the likelihood of experiencing COVID-19-related anxiety compared to those who spend less than 1 h per day (OR = 3.50, 95%CI = 1.14-10.72, p < 0.05). Other types of screen time was not significantly associated with COVID-19-related anxiety. In a fully adjusted model (accounting for age, sex and ethnicity besides four types on screen time), 1-5 h per day of social media remained significantly associated with COVID-19-related anxiety (OR = 4.08, 95%CI = 1.22-13.62, p < 0.05).Conclusion Our findings suggest that COVID-19-related anxiety is associated with youth engagement in social media during the COVID-19 pandemic. Clinicians, parents, and educators should work collaboratively to provide developmentally appropriate approaches to reduce the negative social media impact on COVID-19-related anxiety and promote/foster resiliency in our community during the recovery period.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the relationship between different types of screen time, particularly social media, and COVID-19-related anxiety among Canadian youth. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are youth, and the focus is on mental health and anxiety related to the pandemic, rather than physical exercise or fall prevention.

[Author]   Kim, T. H., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Enhancing Surgical Approach.
[Journal]  ANNALS OF PLASTIC SURGERY 93(1): 70-73.
[Abstract] Background: Innovative technologies with surgical navigation have been used for enhancing surgical accuracies for zygomaticomaxillary complex (ZMC) fractures and offers advantages in precision, accuracy, effectiveness, predictability, and symmetry improvement. Moreover, augmented reality (AR) navigation technology combines virtual reality, 3-dimensional (3D) reconstruction, and real-time interaction, making it ideal for bone tissue operations. Our study explored the usefulness and clinical efficacy of AR technology in intraoperative guidance for reducing ZMC fractures. Methods: We retrospectively studied 35 patients with zygomatic complex fractures, comparing outcomes of AR-guided and conventional methods. Furthermore, the AR system provided real-time visualization and guidance. The evaluation included reduction accuracy using root mean square (RMS) value and symmetry analysis using a mirror image of 3D models. Results demonstrated the feasibility and effectiveness of the AR-guided method in improving outcomes and patient satisfaction. Results: In 35 patients (25 males, 10 females), AR-guided (n = 19) and conventional (n = 16) approaches were compared. Age, sex, and fracture type exhibited no significant differences between groups. No complications occurred, and postoperative RMS error significantly decreased (P < 0.001). The AR group had a lower postoperative RMS error (P = 0.034). Conclusions: Augmented reality-guided surgery improved accuracy and outcomes in zygomatic complex fractures. Real-time visualization enhanced precision during reduction and fixation. This innovative approach promises enhanced surgical accuracy and patient outcomes in craniofacial surgery.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of augmented reality (AR) technology to enhance surgical accuracy in zygomaticomaxillary complex (ZMC) fractures. It does not target older people, and the intervention is not an exergame. The study focuses on a surgical application and reports on a retrospective comparison, not a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kim, Y., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    A CT-based Deep Learning Model for Predicting Subsequent Fracture Risk in Patients with Hip Fracture.
[Journal]  RADIOLOGY 310(1).
[Abstract] Background: Patients have the highest risk of subsequent fractures in the first few years after an initial fracture, yet models to predict short-term subsequent risk have not been developed. Purpose: To develop and validate a deep learning prediction model for subsequent fracture risk using digitally reconstructed radiographs from hip CT in patients with recent hip fractures. Materials and Methods: This retrospective study included adult patients who underwent three-dimensional hip CT due to a fracture from January 2004 to December 2020. Two-dimensional frontal, lateral, and axial digitally reconstructed radiographs were generated and assembled to construct an ensemble model. DenseNet modules were used to calculate risk probability based on extracted image features and fracture -free probability plots were output. Model performance was assessed using the C index and area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) and compared with other models using the paired t test. Results: The training and validation set included 1012 patients (mean age, 74.5 years +/- 13.3 [SD]; 706 female, 113 subsequent fracture) and the test set included 468 patients (mean age, 75.9 years +/- 14.0; 335 female, 22 subsequent fractures). In the test set, the ensemble model had a higher C index (0.73) for predicting subsequent fractures than that of other image -based models (C index range, 0.59-0.70 for five of six models; P value range, < .001 to < .05). The ensemble model achieved AUCs of 0.74, 0.74, and 0.73 at the 2-, 3-, and 5 -year follow-ups, respectively; higher than that of most other image -based models at 2 years (AUC range, 0.57-0.71 for five of six models; P value range, < .001 to < .05) and 3 years (AUC range, 0.55-0.72 for four of six models; P value range, < .001 to < .05). Moreover, the AUCs achieved by the ensemble model were higher than that of a clinical model that included known risk factors (2-, 3-, and 5 -year AUCs of 0.58, 0.64, and 0.70, respectively; P < .001 for all). Conclusion: In patients with recent hip fractures, the ensemble deep learning model using digital reconstructed radiographs from hip CT showed good performance for predicting subsequent fractures in the short term.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and validating a deep learning model to predict subsequent fracture risk in patients with hip fractures using CT-based images. It does not involve an exergame intervention, nor does it focus on preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kimura, S., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Voxel-based modeling of airflow in the human nasal cavity.
[Journal]  COMPUTER METHODS IN BIOMECHANICS AND BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING 22(3): 331-339.
[Abstract] This paper describes the simulation of airflow in human nasal airways using voxel-based modeling characterized by robust, automatic, and objective grid generation. Computed tomography scans of a healthy adult nose are used to reconstruct 3D virtual models of the nasal airways. Voxel-based simulations of restful inspiratory flow are then performed using various mesh sizes to determine the level of granularity required to adequately resolve the airflow. For meshes with close voxel spacings, the model successfully reconstructs the nasal structure and predicts the overall pressure drop through the nasal cavity.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the simulation of airflow in the human nasal cavity using voxel-based modeling. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kirchner-Heklau, U., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Effects, barriers and facilitators in predischarge home assessments to improve the transition of care from the inpatient care to home in adult patients: an integrative review.
[Journal]  BMC HEALTH SERVICES RESEARCH 21(1).
[Abstract] BackgroundPredischarge home assessments (PDHA) aim to support safe discharge from hospital or rehabilitation. There is insufficient evidence on the effectiveness of PDHA. For adults with any diagnosis, we aimed to determine (1) the effects of PDHA on outcomes associated with the successful return to community living (e.g., Activities of Daily Living, falls) and (2) the associated barriers and facilitators in order to derive recommendations for clinical practice.MethodsWe searched Medline, EMBASE, CINAHL, five additional databases and other sources. We included individual and cluster randomized (RCT/cRCT) and controlled clinical trials comparing PDHA versus usual care/other intervention, as well as qualitative/mixed methods studies dealing with PDHA. Critical appraisal was performed according to the Cochrane risk-of-bias tool in quantitative studies and the Critical Appraisal Skills Programme (CASP) as well as the McMaster University Guidelines for Critical Review Form for qualitative studies and data extraction. Meta-analysis, thematic synthesis and integrative synthesis were performed.ResultsEight RCTs (n=1072) and ten qualitative studies (n=336) met the inclusion criteria. RCTs reported a variety of outcomes (n=17). We are uncertain if PDHA has any effect on patient outcomes in Activities of Daily Living, quality of life, mobility and fear of falling, falls and hospital readmissions (with moderate to very low quality of the evidence). The qualitative studies revealed facilitators and barriers which should be considered by therapists when conducting PDHA. These were related to the following topics: patient safety education, patient information, patients' acceptance of modifications and aids, functional assessment, standardization of procedures as well as the consideration of relevant patient conditions and contextual factors in PDHA.ConclusionThere is no evidence from the meta-analysis for the effectiveness of PDHA. Further robust studies are needed to adapt and evaluate PDHA interventions, taking the identified stakeholders' views on PDHA into account and following the current recommendations for the development and evaluation of complex interventions.Trial registrationThe review was registered and methods were reported on PROSPERO on 18th July 2018 (CRD42018100636).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is an integrative review that examines the effects, barriers, and facilitators of predischarge home assessments (PDHA) on outcomes such as Activities of Daily Living, falls, and hospital readmissions. It does not focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is PDHA, which is not an exergame. Additionally, the paper includes a meta-analysis and qualitative studies, rather than reporting results from randomized controlled trials with original data.

[Author]   Kiselev, J., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Implementation of a Home-Based Interactive Training System for Fall Prevention Requirements and Challenges.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF GERONTOLOGICAL NURSING 41(1): 18-23.
[Abstract] A critical need exists for rehabilitation for improving older adults' physical abilities, especially in the field of fall prevention. Although virtual reality and ambient-assistive technology-based approaches are promising, they are cost intensive and frequently face significant obstacles during the developmental process. The authors of the current article developed a motivational interactive training system for fall prevention and stroke rehabilitation and planned a pilot study to measure its usability, user acceptance, and effect on physical abilities and quality of life. Usability results from a field trial are presented. The purpose of the current article is to describe the technological and organizational problems during the development process and field trial. Recommendations for overcoming these barriers are described. These experiences should be taken into account when planning further field trials with assistive technology and older adults. [Journal of Gerontological Nursing, 41(1), 14-19.]
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract describes the development and pilot testing of a motivational interactive training system for fall prevention and stroke rehabilitation in older adults. However, it does not specifically mention that the intervention is an exergame, nor does it indicate that the study includes a randomized controlled trial with reported results. The focus is more on the technological and organizational challenges during the development and field trial, rather than on the effectiveness of the intervention. Therefore, the paper does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kocaman, A. A., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    The Effect of Different Exercise Training Types on Functionality in Older Fallers A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  TOPICS IN GERIATRIC REHABILITATION 37(2): 114-127.
[Abstract] Background:Fall is one of the most common geriatric syndromes in the elderly population. It is important to determine the most effective exercise training in elderly individuals who are at risk of falling.Aim:To investigate the effects of different exercise trainings on functionality in older fallers.Method:A total of 30 older adults, 16 females and 14 males, were enrolled in this randomized controlled trial. The older adults were divided into 3 groups: vestibular exercise (VE), posturography balance exercise (PBE), and square step exercise (SSE) groups. All groups received VE training. Sensory Organization Test (SOT), Adaptation Test (ADT), Fall Efficacy Scale (FES), Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA), Vestibular Disorders Activities of Daily Life Scale (VADL), and the World Health Organization Quality of Life Scale-Older Adults Module (WHOQOL-Old) were administered before and at the end of the 24 training sessions.Results:The MoCA and the composite balance score of the SOT were improved in the PBE and SSE groups and the FES in all groups. According to multiple comparison analyses, toes up in the VE and PBE groups, toes down of the ADT in the PBE group, VADL in the PBE and SSE groups, the WHOQOL-Old in all groups significantly improved (P < .010).Conclusion:VE training alone is not sufficient for older fallers. A combination of PBE and SSE training, which was applied 3 times a week for 8 weeks, was more effective in improving functionality in older fallers.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effect of different types of exercise training on functionality in older fallers, but it does not specifically mention the use of exergames. The interventions described include vestibular exercise (VE), posturography balance exercise (PBE), and square step exercise (SSE), which are traditional forms of exercise and not exergames. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kock, S., et al. (2018).
[Title]    Robustness Test for Wind Turbine Gearbox Bearings
[Journal]  SCIENCE OF MAKING TORQUE FROM WIND (TORQUE 2018). 1037.
[Abstract] This paper introduces an innovative approach for the creation of the robustness test against specific failures of the planetary and HSS bearings (e.g. classical fatigue, smearing, micro-pitting, and lip fractures) in the wind turbine gearboxes. The introduced Bearing Robustness Test (BRT) considers the system-dependent characteristics (e.g. drive train design, interaction between components, assembly process, lubricant aging) and real dynamic load conditions, frequencies and sequence. The creation of the BRT is based on field and simulation data. The core element is the simulative approach for the determination of the relation between external wind and grid loads on the one side and local loads of the bearing on the other side. BRT aims the mapping of the most critical, but real, field load situations in the bearing test rig. By means of the BRT it is possible to evaluate the robustness of bearing against specific field conditions in the early stage of the product cycle and consequently to enhance the quality and to reduce the failure rate of the bearing.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the robustness testing of wind turbine gearbox bearings and does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kodaesik and p. w. sik (2014). 
[Title]    The Effects of Fall Prevention Exercise Programs on the Balancing Ability of Elderly Women: A Meta Analysis.
[Journal]  Journal of Korea Entertainment Industry Association 8(4): 117-126.
[Abstract] The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of fall prevention exercise programs on balance ability in elderly women by performing a meta-analysis. [Methods] Randomized controlled trials and clinical controlled trials published between January 2000 and September 2013 were included in this study. Fifteen of the 34 studies identified met the inclusion criteria for the meta-analysis. [Results] The overall effect size of the programs was .813. Combined exercises(1.579), aquatic exercises(1.454), Virtual Reality-based Exercise Program(1.378), fall prevention exercise programs(1.357), and resistive exercises for the lower extremities(.888) all showed positive effects on balance ability. Meta-regression analysis on continuous variables showed that as the age of the subjects increased, and treatment period frequency per week, and treatment time per session increased. In addition balance ability was enhanced. [Conclusion] There was an overall positive effect of fall prevention exercise programs on balance ability in elderly Korean women. However studies in Korea have often not reported the occurrence or frequency of falls and the studies measured the effects on risk factors in different ways. Further studies should identify the effects of fall prevention exercise programs directly because only few studies satisfied scientific research design norms.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while it mentions Virtual Reality-based Exercise Programs, the focus of the study is on a broader range of fall prevention exercise programs, and the specific use of exergames is not the primary intervention being studied.

[Author]   Koh, V., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Performance of digital technologies in assessing fall risks among older adults with cognitive impairment: a systematic review.
[Journal]  GEROSCIENCE 46(3): 2951-2975.
[Abstract] Older adults with cognitive impairment (CI) are twice as likely to fall compared to the general older adult population. Traditional fall risk assessments may not be suitable for older adults with CI due to their reliance on attention and recall. Hence, there is an interest in using objective technology-based fall risk assessment tools to assess falls within this population. This systematic review aims to evaluate the features and performance of technology-based fall risk assessment tools for older adults with CI. A systematic search was conducted across several databases such as PubMed and IEEE Xplore, resulting in the inclusion of 22 studies. Most studies focused on participants with dementia. The technologies included sensors, mobile applications, motion capture, and virtual reality. Fall risk assessments were conducted in the community, laboratory, and institutional settings; with studies incorporating continuous monitoring of older adults in everyday environments. Studies used a combination of technology-based inputs of gait parameters, socio-demographic indicators, and clinical assessments. However, many missed the opportunity to include cognitive performance inputs as predictors to fall risk. The findings of this review support the use of technology-based fall risk assessment tools for older adults with CI. Further advancements incorporating cognitive measures and additional longitudinal studies are needed to improve the effectiveness and clinical applications of these assessment tools. Additional work is also required to compare the performance of existing methods for fall risk assessment, technology-based fall risk assessments, and the combination of these approaches.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that evaluates the features and performance of technology-based fall risk assessment tools for older adults with cognitive impairment. It does not focus on the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls, nor does it report results from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it reviews various technologies such as sensors, mobile applications, motion capture, and virtual reality for assessing fall risks. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Koike, M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    What factors attract people to play romantic video games?
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 15(4).
[Abstract] People in romantic relationships often benefit from improved mental and physical health and well-being. Today, these relationships can be recreated using virtual agents. For instance, some people anthropomorphize and fall in love with a virtual partner in a romantic video game. Although previous psychological research has examined anthropomorphized agents, it has neglected virtual romantic relationships. This study aims to examine the desire to play underlying playing romantic video games (RVGs). In Study 1, 43 Japanese participants completed a survey about their desire to play RVGs and their current romantic relationship status. The research revealed that a human-like voice and the use of touch were perceived as important factors in anthropomorphized relationships. In Study 2, an independent sample of 281 Japanese participants replicated the results of Study 1 regarding the importance of voice and touch in RVGs. Moreover, we found that a desire to develop social skills and alleviate negative emotions independently desire to play RVG use. As an important first step, these findings reveal several factors which might contribute to developing a romantic relationship with a virtual agent.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the factors that attract people to play romantic video games, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are not specifically older people, and the focus is on romantic relationships rather than physical exercise or fall prevention. Additionally, the studies reported are surveys and do not involve randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Kojima, K., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    AO international consensus panel for metrics on a closed reduction and fixation of a 31A2 pertrochanteric fracture.
[Journal]  INJURY-INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF THE CARE OF THE INJURED 49(12): 2227-2233.
[Abstract] Background: The foundations of an effective and evidence-based training program are the metrics, which characterize optimal performance.Purposes: To develop, operationally define, and seek consensus from procedure experts on the metrics that best characterize a reference approach to the performance of a closed reduction and internal fixation of a 31A2 unstable pertrochanteric fracture with a cephalomedullary nail with distal locking through the proximal guide.Methods: A Metrics Group consisting of 3 senior orthopaedic surgeons, a surgeon/medical scientist, an education expert and a behavioural scientist deconstructed the performance of the selected fixation procedure and defined performance metrics. At a modified Delphi meeting, 32 senior orthopaedic and trauma surgeons from 18 countries critiqued these metrics and their operational definitions before reaching consensus.Results: Initially performance metrics consisting of 14 Phases with 62 Steps, 84 errors and 20 Sentinel errors were identified that characterize the safe and effective performance of the procedure. During the Delphi panel meeting these were modified and consensus was reached on 15 Phases (1 added, p = 0.967)) with 75 Steps (14 added and 1 deleted; p = 0.028), 88 errors (10 added and 6 deleted; p = 0.47), and 28 Sentinel errors (8 added; p = 0.107). Pre and Post Delphi characterizations were highly correlated (r = 0.81-0.94).Conclusions: Surgical procedures can be broken down into constituent, essential, and elemental tasks necessary for the safe and effective completion of a reference approach to a specified procedure. Procedure experts from 18 countries reached consensus on performance metrics for the fixation procedure. This metric-based characterization should form the basis of more quantitative validation studies to guide the construction of a proficiency-based progression training curriculum. (C) 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on developing and reaching consensus on performance metrics for a specific surgical procedure (closed reduction and internal fixation of a 31A2 pertrochanteric fracture). It does not meet any of the criteria for the use of exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Kolodziej, M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Predictive modeling of lower extremity injury risk in male elite youth soccer players using least absolute shrinkage and selection operator regression.
[Journal]  SCANDINAVIAN JOURNAL OF MEDICINE & SCIENCE IN SPORTS 33(6): 1021-1033.
[Abstract] PurposeTo (1) identify neuromuscular and biomechanical injury risk factors in elite youth soccer players and (2) assess the predictive ability of a machine learning approach. Material and MethodsFifty-six elite male youth soccer players (age: 17.2 +/- 1.1 years; height: 179 +/- 8 cm; mass: 70.4 +/- 9.2 kg) performed a 3D motion analysis, postural control testing, and strength testing. Non-contact lower extremities injuries were documented throughout 10 months. A least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) regression model was used to identify the most important injury predictors. Predictive performance of the LASSO model was determined in a leave-one-out (LOO) prediction competition. ResultsTwenty-three non-contact injuries were registered. The LASSO model identified concentric knee extensor peak torque, hip transversal plane moment in the single-leg drop landing task and center of pressure sway in the single-leg stance test as the three most important predictors for injury in that order. The LASSO model was able to predict injury outcomes with a likelihood of 58% and an area under the ROC curve of 0.63 (sensitivity = 35%; specificity = 79%). ConclusionThe three most important variables for predicting the injury outcome suggest the importance of neuromuscular and biomechanical performance measures in elite youth soccer. These preliminary results may have practical implications for future directions in injury risk screening and planning, as well as for the development of customized training programs to counteract intrinsic injury risk factors. However, the poor predictive performance of the final model confirms the challenge of predicting sports injuries, and the model must therefore be evaluated in larger samples.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on predicting lower extremity injury risk in male elite youth soccer players using a machine learning approach. It does not meet any of the criteria for the use of exergames, target older people, or include a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Kolpan, K. E., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Utilizing augmented reality for reconstruction of fractured, fragmented and damaged craniofacial remains in forensic anthropology.
[Journal]  FORENSIC SCIENCE INTERNATIONAL 357.
[Abstract] Forensic anthropologists are often confronted with human remains that have been damaged due to trauma, fire, or postmortem taphonomic alteration, frequently resulting in the fracture and fragmentation of skeletal elements. The augmented reality (AR) technology introduced in this paper builds on familiar 3D visualization methods and utilizes them to make three dimensional holographic meshes of skeletal fragments that can be manipulated, tagged, and examined by the user. Here, CT scans, neural radiance fields (NeRF) artificial intelligence software, and Unreal Engine production software are utilized to construct a three-dimensional holographic image that can be manipulated with HoloLensTM technology to analyze the fracture margin and reconstruct craniofacial elements without causing damage to fragile remains via excessive handling. This allows forensic anthropologists a means of assessing aspects of the biological profile and traumatic injuries without risking further damage to the skeleton. It can also be utilized by students and professional anthropologists to practice refitting before reconstructing craniofacial fragments if refitting is necessary. Additionally, the holographic images can be used to explain complicated concepts in a courtroom without the emotional response related to using bony elements as courtroom exhibits.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using augmented reality (AR) technology for the reconstruction of fractured, fragmented, and damaged craniofacial remains in forensic anthropology. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are forensic anthropologists and the focus is on reconstructing and analyzing skeletal remains, rather than preventing falls in older people.

[Author]   Kopania, M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Automatic Shuttlecock Fall Detection System in or out of a Court in Badminton Games-Challenges, Problems, and Solutions from a Practical Point of View.
[Journal]  SENSORS 22(21).
[Abstract] We built an Instant Review System (IRS) for badminton, also named a Challenge System. It allows players to verify linesmen in/out decisions and makes the game fairer. Elements such as lighting, the influence of air-conditioning on the flight trajectory, or the moving mats can significantly impact the final in/out decision. Due to the construction of the shuttlecock, it behaves differently during the flight than, for example, a tennis ball. This publication discusses the problems we encountered during our work with the proposed solution. We present the evolution of the system's architecture: the first version with the cameras mounted above the court and placed around the court close to the lines, tracking the shuttlecock in 3D; and the second, improved version with cameras placed only around the court, without 3D reconstruction. We used our system during the BWF World Senior Badminton Championships in Katowice. We present the system's results from this tournament and compare them with linesmen's decisions. We describe the system's verification process by the Badminton World Federation and Polish Badminton Federation and discuss evaluation methods for such systems. Our solution is comparable to the commercial product used in the biggest badminton tournaments in regard to processing time and accuracy. Still, our architecture and algorithms make installing it much easier and faster, making the system more adaptive, reliable, flexible, and universal in relation to the practical requirements of sports halls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about an automatic shuttlecock fall detection system for badminton, which is not related to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus is on improving the accuracy and fairness of line calls in badminton matches, rather than on any intervention targeting older people or using exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Korbus, H. and N. Schott (2022). 
[Title]    Does mental practice or mirror therapy help prevent functional loss after distal radius fracture? A randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF HAND THERAPY 35(1): 86-96.
[Abstract] Study Design: A randomized, single-blinded controlled trial.Introduction: Therapy results after distal radius fractures (DRF) especially with older patients are often suboptimal. One possible approach for counteracting the problems are motor-cognitive training interventions such as Mental Practice (MP) or Mirror Therapy (MT), which may be applied in early rehabilitation without stressing the injured wrist.Purpose of the Study: The aim of the study is to investigate the effects of MP and MT on wrist function after DRF. The pilot study should furthermore provide information about the feasibility of these methods.Methods: Thirty-one women were assigned either to one of the two experimental groups (MP, MT) or to a control group (relaxation intervention). The participants completed a training for six weeks, administered at their homes. Measurements were taken at four times (weeks 0, 3, 6 and 12) to document the progression in subjective function (PRWE, QuickDASH) and objective constraints of the wrist (ROM, grip strength) as well as in health-related quality of life (EQ-5D).Results: The results indicated that both experimental groups showed higher improvements across the intervention period compared to the control group; e.g. PRWE: MT 74.0%, MP 66.2%, CG 56.9%. While improvements in grip strength were higher for the MP group, the MT group performed better in all other measures. However, time by group interactions approached significance at best; e.g. ROM: P = .076; eta(2)(p) = .141.Conclusion: The superiority of MP as well as MT supports the simulation theory. Motor-cognitive intervention programs are feasible and promising therapy supplements, which may be applied in early rehabilitation to counteract the consequences of immobilization without stressing the injured wrist. (C) 2020 Hanley & Belfus, an imprint of Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of Mental Practice (MP) and Mirror Therapy (MT) on wrist function after distal radius fractures, particularly in women. While it does involve a randomized controlled trial and includes older patients, the intervention is not an exergame, and the primary focus is on functional recovery after a specific injury, not on fall prevention.

[Author]   Kostro, D., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Correction of inter-scanner and within-subject variance in structural MRI based automated diagnosing.
[Journal]  NEUROIMAGE 98: 405-415.
[Abstract] Automated analysis of structural magnetic resonance images is a promising way to improve early detection of neurodegenerative brain diseases. Clinical applications of such methods involve multiple scanners with potentially different hardware and/or acquisition sequences and demographically heterogeneous groups. To improve classification performance, we propose to correct effects of subject-specific covariates (such as age, total intracranial volume, and sex) as well as effects of scanner by using a non-linear Gaussian process model. To test the efficacy of the correction, we performed classification of carriers of the genetic mutation leading to Huntington's disease (HD) versus healthy controls. Half of the HD carriers were free of typical HD symptoms and had an estimated 5 to 20 years before onset of clinical symptoms, thus providing a model for preclinical diagnosis of a neurodegenerative disease.Structural magnetic resonance brain images were acquired at four sites with pairs of sites which had the identical scanner type, equipment, and acquisition parameters.For automatic classification, we used spatially normalized probabilistic maps of gray matter, then removed confounding effects by Gaussian process regression, and then performed classification with a support vector machine. Voxel-based morphometry of gray matter maps showed disease effects that were spatially wider spread than effects of scanner, but no significant interactions between scanner and disease were found. A model trained with data from a single scanner generalized well to data from a different scanner. When confounding diagnostics groups and scanner during training, e.g. by using controls from one scanner and gene carriers from another, classification accuracy dropped significantly in many cases. By regressing out confounds with Gaussian process regression, the performance levels were comparable to those obtained in scenarios without confound.We conclude that models trained on data acquired with a single scanner generalized well to data acquired with a different same-generation scanner even when the vendor differed. When confounding grouping and scanner during training is unavoidable to gather training data, regressing out inter-scanner and between-subject variability can reduce the loss in accuracy due to the confound. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about improving the automated analysis of structural magnetic resonance images for the early detection of neurodegenerative diseases, specifically Huntington's disease. It does not discuss the use of exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kosutzka, Z., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Gait Disorders Questionnaire-Promising Tool for Virtual Reality Designing in Patients With Parkinson's Disease.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN NEUROLOGY 10.
[Abstract] Background: Gait disorders (GD) are frequent and disabling symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease, mostly because they significantly limit mobility and often lead to fear of falls or actual falls. Nowadays, rehabilitation is considered to be the most effective nonpharmacological approach to reduce risk of falls. Using paradigms in virtual reality (VR) is a promising tool in neurorehabilitation because of the potential improvement in motor learning and improvement in daily functioning by replicating everyday real-life scenarios.Objective: To identify the most prevalent everyday situations which impair gait in PD that could be simulated in virtual reality (VR) environment.Methods: A newly developed self-report questionnaire consisting of 15 binary response items (YES/NO) encompassing everyday walking situations was administered to 62 patients diagnosed with idiopathic PD according to MDS Clinical Diagnostic Criteria. We included patients able to walk unassisted for at least 10 min and without significant cognitive impairment. Mokken Scale Analysis was used to evaluate psychometric properties of the scale.Results: Questionnaires from 58 patients were analyzed (31 men, age = 63 +/- 9.9 y, disease duration = 7.02 +/- 4.03 y, LEDD = 1115 +/- 549.4 mg, H&Y = 2.4 +/- 0.6). Only 10 items (out of 15) were identified as scalable and these were included in Gait Disorders Questionnaire (GDQ). The most prevalent trigger of gait disorders was walking under time pressure, followed by gait in crowded places and walking while dual-tasking. The total score of GDQ significantly correlated with the disease duration (r(s) = 0.347, p = 0.008) and modified H&Y staging (r(s) = 0.288, p = 0.028).Conclusion: With the use of GDQ we identified the most prevalent everyday transition activities that provoke gait disorders in patients with PD. The results may be useful for further development and systematic application of VR paradigms for physiotherapy of PD patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on developing a questionnaire to identify everyday situations that impair gait in patients with Parkinson's disease, which could be used to design virtual reality (VR) environments for rehabilitation. While the paper mentions the potential use of VR for improving motor learning and daily functioning, it does not report on an actual intervention using exergames, nor does it include a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kouris, I., et al. (2018).
[Title]    HOLOBALANCE: An Augmented Reality virtual trainer solution for balance training and fall prevention
[Journal]  2018 40TH ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE OF THE IEEE ENGINEERING IN MEDICINE AND BIOLOGY SOCIETY (EMBC): 4233-4236.
[Abstract] Balance disorders affect a large number of older people, leading to falls. To promote independence, self-care and the quality of living of the long-lived population, an innovative solution is devoped to act as a virtual trainer for people that suffer from vestibular dysfunction related balance disorders. Our solution offers a virtual balance therapy, supported by Information and Communication Technology devices, to monitor user's activity during the day and provide real time feedback for the correct execution of physiotherapy exercises. Wearable sensors are utilized to monitor user activity, while during the execution of exercises, cameras are used to track the body of the user. An Augmented Reality headset is used to project the virtual trainer's 3D avatar in front of the user, providing real time guidance for the correct execution of the exercises.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes an innovative solution using augmented reality for balance training and fall prevention in older people. However, it does not specifically mention that the intervention is an exergame, nor does it indicate that the study includes a randomized controlled trial with reported results. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper does not meet the requirements for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kraft, K. P., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Why few older adults participate in complex motor skills: a qualitative study of older adults' perceptions of difficulty and challenge.
[Journal]  BMC PUBLIC HEALTH 15.
[Abstract] Background: Maintaining neuromotor fitness across the life course is imperative. It can reduce falls in older individuals and improve/maintain physical and cognitive functioning. Complex motor skills (CMS) are involved in many physical activities (e.g., ball games, dance), which can improve neuromotor fitness. However, few older adults participate in CMS. This study aimed to understand how older adults perceive the degree of difficulty and challenge, using Gentile's taxonomy of motor skills as a framework.Methods: Six focus groups (FGs) were conducted with older adults (aged 61-92 years; N = 36) using a semi-structured question guide, to explore older adults' perceptions of difficulty and challenges associated with physical activity types. FGs were conducted in three villages and community groups in Sydney, Australia. Verbatim transcripts were coded inductively following a grounded theory approach to analysis to discover categories and concepts based on participants' views.Results: Older adults perceived physical effort and pace as influencing difficulty where as challenging activities were not found to hinder older adults' willingness to participate. Other challenges in performing activities were attributed to: skill level, environment conditions (e.g., pool versus ocean swimming) and variations influencing complexity. Social and interpersonal issues, such as embarrassment, rapport with instructors, prior experience/familiarity, in addition to physical effort, were other central features of older adults' perceptions of physical activities. Themes that appeared to increase the likelihood of participation in CMS were: age appropriate modification; enjoyment; social aspects; past experience; and having experienced instructors.Conclusions: This study offers recommendations for increasing participation in CMS. Modifying activities to suit ability and age and increasing exposure during the life span may help maintain participation into old age. Gentile's taxonomy provides an appropriate framework for classifying activities as simple or complex, which were recognised by participants on a descriptive level. Existing and new sports, which have been modified for old age, should be made available to older adults. Within the motor learning literature, the focus on older adults is limited. If activity complexity translates to improved cognitive abilities as well as improved individual neuromotor performance, the challenge of modifying activities to suit older adults' preferences needs to be addressed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about understanding older adults' perceptions of difficulty and challenge in participating in complex motor skills. While it discusses the importance of maintaining neuromotor fitness to reduce falls, it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames as an intervention. The study is qualitative, using focus groups, and does not report results from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kramer, A., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Exergaming With Additional Postural Demands Improves Balance and Gait in Patients With Multiple Sclerosis as Much as Conventional Balance Training and Leads to High Adherence to Home-Based Balance Training.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE AND REHABILITATION 95(10): 1803-1809.
[Abstract] Objective: To assess the effectiveness of and adherence to an exergame balance training program with additional postural demands in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS).Design: Matched controlled trial, assessment of balance before and after different balance training programs, and adherence to home-based balance exercise in the 6 months after the training.Setting: A neurorehabilitation facility and center for MS.Participants: Patients with balance problems (N=70) matched into 1 of the training groups according to age as well as balance and gait performance in 4 tests. Nine patients dropped out of the study because of scheduling problems. The mean age of the 61 remaining participants was 47 +/- 9 years, and their Expanded Disability Status Scale score was 3 +/- 1.Interventions: Three weeks of (1) conventional balance training (control), (2) exergame training (playing exergames on an unstable platform), or (3) single-task (ST) exercises on the unstable platform.Main Outcome Measures: Test scores in balance tests and gait analyses under ST and dual-task (DT) situations. Furthermore, in the 6 months after the rehabilitation training, the frequency and type of balance training were assessed by using questionnaires.Results: All 3 groups showed significantly improved balance and gait scores. Only the exergame training group showed significantly higher improvements in the DT condition of the gait test than in the ST condition. Adherence to home-based balance training differed significantly between groups (highest adherence in the exergame training group).Conclusions: Playing exergames on an unstable surface seems to be an effective way to improve balance and gait in patients with MS, especially in DT situations. The integration of exergames seems to have a positive effect on adherence and is thus potentially beneficial for the long-term effectiveness of rehabilitation programs. (C) 2014 by the American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of exergames to improve balance and gait in patients with multiple sclerosis, not specifically in the elderly. The intervention targets patients with multiple sclerosis, and the mean age of the participants is 47 years, which does not meet the criteria for targeting older people.

[Author]   Kramer, D., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    A combined active shape and mean appearance model for the reconstruction of segmental bone loss.
[Journal]  MEDICAL ENGINEERING & PHYSICS 110.
[Abstract] This study investigates the novel combination of an active shape and mean appearance model to estimate missing bone geometry and density distribution from sparse inputs simulating segmental bone loss of the femoral diaphysis. An active shape Gaussian Process Morphable model was trained on healthy right femurs of South African males to model shape. The density distribution was approximated based on the mean appearance of computed tomography images from the training set. Estimations of diaphyseal resections were obtained by probabilistic fitting of the active shape model to sparse inputs consisting of proximal and distal femoral data on computed tomography images. The resulting shape estimates of the diaphyseal resections were then used to map the mean appearance model to the patients' missing bone geometry, constructing density estimations. In this way, resected bone surfaces were estimated with an average error of 2.24 (0.5) mm. Density distributions were approximated within 87 (0.7) % of the intensity of the original target images before the simulated segmental bone loss. These results fall within the acceptable tolerances required for surgical planning and reconstruction of long bone defects.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a method for reconstructing segmental bone loss using a combination of an active shape and mean appearance model. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is related to medical imaging and surgical planning, not exergames, and the target population is not specifically older people. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Krange, I., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Peers, teachers and guides: a study of three conditions for scaffolding conceptual learning in science centers.
[Journal]  CULTURAL STUDIES OF SCIENCE EDUCATION 15(1): 241-263.
[Abstract] Studies of education practices in science centers have found variation in how conceptual learning is supported, or scaffolded, on school field trips. This paper investigates the implications of scaffolding variations for how students make sense of a game-based exhibit that was designed to trigger interest and develop knowledge of scientific phenomena. The data were gathered during a field trip by high school students (aged 16-17 years) to a science center. The activity was part of a larger design-based research project, and this study focuses on students' encounters with a single exhibit while in small groups. The group arrangements are characteristic of how learning activities are organized on field trips and represent three common conditions for scaffolding: (1) peer-supported, (2) teacher-assisted, or (3) facilitated by a museum guide. Interactions in each condition were video-recorded, transcribed, and subsequently scrutinized using interaction analysis. The analysis shows how framing, dialogic approaches, and the game-based exhibit facilitated sense making within and across the different conditions. The paper considers the scaffolding intentions and means of each condition and discusses the consequences of the variations for the students' conceptual learning. The complexity of science center exhibits is also considered, as the study identifies scaffolding challenges related to interactions with dense and comprehensive analogue and digital resources.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on how different scaffolding conditions (peer-supported, teacher-assisted, or facilitated by a museum guide) affect high school students' conceptual learning during a field trip to a science center. The intervention targets are high school students, and the focus is on educational practices and conceptual learning, not on preventing falls in older people. Additionally, the study does not involve a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Krasovsky, T., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Older Adults Pay an Additional Cost When Texting and Walking: Effects of Age, Environment, and Use of Mixed Reality on Dual-Task Performance.
[Journal]  PHYSICAL THERAPY 98(7): 549-559.
[Abstract] Background. Texting while walking (TeWW) has become common among people of all ages, and mobile phone use during gait is increasingly associated with pedestrian injury. Although dual-task walking performance is known to decline with age, data regarding the effect of age on dual-task performance in ecological settings are limited.Objective. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of age, environment (indoors/outdoors), and mixed reality (merging of real and virtual environments) on TeWW performance.Design. A cross-sectional design was used.Methods. Young (n = 30; 27.8 +/- 4.4 years) and older (n = 20; 68.9 +/- 3.9 years) adults performed single- and dual-task texting and walking indoors and outdoors, with and without a mixed reality display. Participants also completed evaluations of visual scanning and cognitive flexibility (Trail Making Test) and functional mobility (Timed "Up & Go" Test).Results. Indoors, similar interference to walking and texting occurred for both groups, but only older adults' gait variability increased under dual task conditions. Outdoors, TeWW was associated with larger age-related differences in gait variability, texting accuracy, and gait dual-task costs. Young adults with better visual scanning and cognitive flexibility performed TeWW with lower gait costs (r = 0.52-0.65). The mixed reality display was unhelpful and did not modify walking or texting.Limitations. Older adults tested in this study were relatively high functioning. Gaze of participants was not directly monitored.Conclusions. Although young and older adults possess the resources necessary for TeWW, older adults pay an additional "price" when dual-tasking, especially outdoors. TeWW may have potential as an ecologically valid assessment and/or an intervention paradigm for dual-task performance among older adults as well as for clinical populations.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it includes older adults and a mixed reality display, the focus is on evaluating the effects of age, environment, and mixed reality on dual-task performance (texting while walking) rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study design is cross-sectional, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Krasteva, V., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Perspectives of human verification via binary QRS template matching of single-lead and 12-lead electrocardiogram.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 13(5).
[Abstract] ObjectiveThis study aims to validate the 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) as a biometric modality based on two straightforward binary QRS template matching characteristics. Different perspectives of the human verification problem are considered, regarding the optimal lead selection and stability over sample size, gender, age, heart rate (HR).MethodsA clinical 12-lead resting ECG database, including a population of 460 subjects with two session recordings (>1 year apart) is used. Cost-effective strategies for extraction of personalized QRS patterns (100ms) and binary template matching estimate similarity in the time scale (matching time) and dissimilarity in the amplitude scale (mismatch area). The two class person verification task, taking the decision to validate or to reject the subject identity is managed by linear discriminant analysis (LDA). Non-redundant LDA models for different lead configurations (1,11,111,aVF,aVL,aVF,V1-V6) are trained on the first half of 230 subjects by stepwise feature selection until maximization of the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC AUC). The operating point on the training ROC at equal error rate (EER) is tested on the independent dataset (second half of 230 subjects) to report unbiased validation of test-ROC AUC and true verification rate (TVR = 100-EER). The test results are further evaluated in groups by sample size, gender, age, HR.Results and discussionThe optimal QRS pattern projection for single-lead ECG biometric modality is found in the frontal plane sector (60-0) with best (Test-AUC/TVR) for lead II (0.941/86.8%) and slight accuracy drop for-aVR (-0.017/-1.4%), 1(-0.01/-1.5%). Chest ECG leads have degrading accuracy from V1 (0.885/80.6%) to V6 (0.799/71.8%). The multi-lead ECG improves verification: 6-chest (0.97/90.9%), 6-limb (0.986/94.3%), 12-leads (0.995/97.5%). The QRS pattern matching model shows stable performance for verification of 10 to 230 individuals; insignificant degradation of TVR in women by (1.2-3.6%), adults >70 years (3.7%), younger <40 years (1.9%), HR<60bpm (1.2%), HR>90bpm (3.9%), no degradation for HR change (0 to >20bpm).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using electrocardiogram (ECG) for biometric verification, specifically focusing on the use of QRS template matching. It does not mention exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Krebs, P., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    The QuitIT Coping Skills Game for Promoting Tobacco Cessation Among Smokers Diagnosed With Cancer: Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  JMIR MHEALTH AND UHEALTH 7(1).
[Abstract] Background: Although smoking cessation apps have become popular, few have been tested in randomized clinical trials or undergone formative evaluation with target users.Objective: We developed a cessation app targeting tobacco-dependent cancer patients. Game design and behavioral rehearsal principles were incorporated to help smokers identify, model, and practice coping strategies to avoid relapse to smoking. In this randomized pilot trial, we examined feasibility (recruitment and retention rates), acceptability (patient satisfaction), quitting self-confidence, and other cessation-related indices to guide the development of a larger trial.Methods: We randomized 42 English-speaking cancer patients scheduled for surgical treatment to either the Standard Care (SC; telecounseling and cessation pharmacotherapies) or the experimental QuitIT study arm (SC and QuitIT game). Gameplay parameters were captured in-game; satisfaction with the game was assessed at 1-month follow-up. We report study screening, exclusion, and refusal reasons; compare refusal and attrition by key demographic and clinical variables; and report tobacco-related outcomes.Results: Follow-up data were collected from 65% (13/20) patients in the QuitIT and 61% (11/18) in SC arms. Study enrollees were 71% (27/38) females, 92% (35/38) white people, and 95% (36/38) non-Hispanic people. Most had either lung (12/38, 32%) or gastrointestinal (9/38, 24%) cancer. Those dropping out were less likely than completers to have used a tablet (P<.01) and have played the game at all (P=.02) and more likely to be older (P=.05). Of 20 patients in the QuitIT arm, 40% (8/20) played the game (system data). There were no differences between those who played and did not play by demographic, clinical, technology use, and tobacco-related variables. Users completed an average of 2.5 (SD 4.0) episodes out of 10. A nonsignificant trend was found for increased confidence to quit in the QuitIT arm (d=0.25, 95% CI -0.56 to 1.06), and more participants were abstinent in the QuitIT group than in the SC arm (4/13, 30%, vs 2/11, 18%). Satisfaction with gameplay was largely positive, with most respondents enjoying use, relating to the characters, and endorsing that gameplay helped them cope with actual smoking urges.Conclusions: Recruitment and retention difficulties suggest that the perihospitalization period may be a less than ideal time for delivering a smoking cessation app intervention. Framing of the app as a "game" may have decreased receptivity as participants may have been preoccupied with hospitalization demands and illness concerns. Less tablet experience and older age were associated with participant dropout. Although satisfaction with the gameplay was high, 60% (12/20) of QuitIT participants did not play the game. Paying more attention to patient engagement, changing the intervention delivery period, providing additional reward and support for use, and improving cessation app training may bolster feasibility for a larger trial.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a smoking cessation app (QuitIT Coping Skills Game) for cancer patients, not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets smokers diagnosed with cancer, and the focus is on helping them quit smoking, rather than preventing falls.

[Author]   Krell, M. M., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Classifier transfer with data selection strategies for online support vector machine classification with class imbalance.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEURAL ENGINEERING 14(2).
[Abstract] Objective. Classifier transfers usually come with dataset shifts. To overcome dataset shifts in practical applications, we consider the limitations in computational resources in this paper for the adaptation of batch learning algorithms, like the support vector machine (SVM). Approach. We focus on data selection strategies which limit the size of the stored training data by different inclusion, exclusion, and further dataset manipulation criteria like handling class imbalance with two new approaches. We provide a comparison of the strategies with linear SVMs on several synthetic datasets with different data shifts as well as on different transfer settings with electroencephalographic (EEG) data. Main results. For the synthetic data, adding only misclassified samples performed astoundingly well. Here, balancing criteria were very important when the other criteria were not well chosen. For the transfer setups, the results show that the best strategy depends on the intensity of the drift during the transfer. Adding all and removing the oldest samples results in the best performance, whereas for smaller drifts, it can be sufficient to only add samples near the decision boundary of the SVM which reduces processing resources. Significance. For brain-computer interfaces based on EEG data, models trained on data from a calibration session, a previous recording session, or even from a recording session with another subject are used. We show, that by using the right combination of data selection criteria, it is possible to adapt the SVM classifier to overcome the performance drop from the transfer.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about classifier transfer and data selection strategies for online support vector machine classification, particularly in the context of brain-computer interfaces using EEG data. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Krishna, P., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Generation of hemipelvis surface geometry based on statistical shape modelling and contralateral mirroring.
[Journal]  BIOMECHANICS AND MODELING IN MECHANOBIOLOGY 21(4): 1317-1324.
[Abstract] Personalised fracture plates manufactured using 3D printing offer an improved treatment option for unstable pelvic ring fractures that may not be adequately secured using off-the-shelf components. To design fracture plates that secure the bone fragments in their pre-fracture positions, the fractures must be reduced virtually using medical imaging-based reconstructions, a time-consuming process involving segmentation and repositioning of fragments until surface congruency is achieved. This study compared statistical shape models (SSMs) and contralateral mirroring as automated methods to reconstruct the hemipelvis using varying amounts of bone surface geometry. The training set for the geometries was obtained from pelvis CT scans of 33 females. The root-mean-squared error (RMSE) was quantified across the entire surface of the hemipelvis and within specific regions, and deviations of pelvic landmarks were computed from their positions in the intact hemipelvis. The reconstruction of the entire hemipelvis surfaced based on contralateral mirroring had an RMSE of 1.21 +/- 0.29 mm, whereas for SSMs based on the entire hemipelvis surface, the RMSE was 1.11 +/- 0.29 mm, a difference that was not significant (p = 0.32). Moreover, all hemipelvis reconstructions based on the full or partial bone geometries had RMSEs and landmark deviations from contralateral mirroring that were significantly lower (p < 0.05) or statistically equivalent to the SSMs. These results indicate that contralateral mirroring tends to be more accurate than SSMs for reconstructing unilateral pelvic fractures. SSMs may still be a viable method for hemipelvis fracture reconstruction in situations where contralateral geometries are not available, such as bilateral pelvic factures, or for highly asymmetric pelvic anatomies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the generation of hemipelvis surface geometry using statistical shape modeling and contralateral mirroring, with a focus on improving the design of personalized fracture plates for pelvic fractures. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Krishnaraj, A., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Simulating Dual-Energy X-Ray Absorptiometry in CT Using Deep-Learning Segmentation Cascade.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN COLLEGE OF RADIOLOGY 16(10): 1473-1479.
[Abstract] Purpose: Osteoporosis is an underdiagnosed condition despite effective screening modalities. Dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) screening, although recommended in clinical guidelines, remains markedly underutilized. In contrast to DEXA, CT utilization is high and presents a valuable data source for opportunistic osteoporosis screening. The purpose of this study was to describe a method to simulate lumbar DEXA scores from routinely acquired CT studies using a machine-learning algorithm.Methods: Between January 2010 and September 2014, 610 CT studies of the abdomen and pelvis were used to develop spinal column and L1 to L4 multiclass segmentation. DEXA simulation training and validation used 1,843 pairs of CT studies accompanied by DEXA results obtained within a 6-month interval from the same individual. Machine learning based regression was used to determine correlation between calculated grade (on the basis of vertebrae L1-L4) and DEXA t score.Results: Analysis of the t score equivalent, generated by the algorithm, revealed true positives in 1,144 patients, false positives in 92 patients, true negatives in 245 patients, and false negatives in 212 patients, resulting in an accuracy of 82%. Sensitivity for the detection of osteoporosis or osteopenia was 84.4% (95% confidence interval, 82.3%-86.2%), and specificity was 72.7% (95% confidence interval, 67.7%-77.2%).Conclusions: The presented algorithm can identify osteoporosis and osteopenia with a high degree of accuracy (82%) and a small proportion of false positives. Efforts to cull greater information using machine-learning algorithms from pre-existing data have the potential to have a marked impact on population health efforts such as bone mineral density screening for osteoporosis, in which gaps in screening currently exist.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about simulating Dual-Energy X-Ray Absorptiometry (DEXA) scores from CT scans using a machine-learning algorithm. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the paper is related to osteoporosis screening, and there is no mention of exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Krois, J., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Evaluating Modeling and Validation Strategies for Tooth Loss.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF DENTAL RESEARCH 98(10): 1088-1095.
[Abstract] Prediction models learn patterns from available data (training) and are then validated on new data (testing). Prediction modeling is increasingly common in dental research. We aimed to evaluate how different model development and validation steps affect the predictive performance of tooth loss prediction models of patients with periodontitis. Two independent cohorts (627 patients, 11,651 teeth) were followed over a mean +/- SD 18.2 +/- 5.6 y (Kiel cohort) and 6.6 +/- 2.9 y (Greifswald cohort). Tooth loss and 10 patient- and tooth-level predictors were recorded. The impact of different model development and validation steps was evaluated: 1) model complexity (logistic regression, recursive partitioning, random forest, extreme gradient boosting), 2) sample size (full data set or 10%, 25%, or 75% of cases dropped at random), 3) prediction periods (maximum 10, 15, or 20 y or uncensored), and 4) validation schemes (internal or external by centers/time). Tooth loss was generally a rare event (880 teeth were lost). All models showed limited sensitivity but high specificity. Patients' age and tooth loss at baseline as well as probing pocket depths showed high variable importance. More complex models (random forest, extreme gradient boosting) had no consistent advantages over simpler ones (logistic regression, recursive partitioning). Internal validation (in sample) overestimated the predictive power (area under the curve up to 0.90), while external validation (out of sample) found lower areas under the curve (range 0.62 to 0.82). Reducing the sample size decreased the predictive power, particularly for more complex models. Censoring the prediction period had only limited impact. When the model was trained in one period and tested in another, model outcomes were similar to the base case, indicating temporal validation as a valid option. No model showed higher accuracy than the no-information rate. In conclusion, none of the developed models would be useful in a clinical setting, despite high accuracy. During modeling, rigorous development and external validation should be applied and reported accordingly.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about evaluating modeling and validation strategies for predicting tooth loss in patients with periodontitis. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kruse, L., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Enabling Immersive Exercise Activities for Older Adults: A Comparison of Virtual Reality Exergames and Traditional Video Exercises.
[Journal]  SOCIETIES 11(4).
[Abstract] Participating in cognitive and physical activities can help older adults to live a healthy and independent life. However, with the ongoing pandemic, face-to-face training options became unavailable or limited, yielding a need for alternatives. In this paper, we conducted a user study with older adults (N = 25) to compare a traditional, recorded 2D gymnastics video with an immersive virtual reality (VR) exergame. We evaluated the movement and heart rate of the participants, as well as their enjoyment, attention to the task, and perceived workload. In the VR condition, we additionally assessed their feeling of cybersickness. Finally, qualitative feedback about their preferences was collected. The results indicate that our immersive VR exergame can be a suitable alternative, but not a replacement for traditional 2D video-based exercise activities. Furthermore, the cognitive aspect of exergames can lead to the feeling of physical workload, even if easy movements are performed. Finally, we discuss the implications of our results for future VR exergames and point out advantages and disadvantages of the systems.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does compare a VR exergame with traditional 2D video exercises for older adults, but it does not specifically focus on the prevention of falls. The study is more about evaluating the suitability and user experience of VR exergames as an alternative to traditional exercise methods. Additionally, while the study involves older adults and uses an exergame, it is not a randomized controlled trial, and the primary focus is not on fall prevention.

[Author]   Kruszewski, A. (2023). 
[Title]    From Ancient Patterns of Hand-to-Hand Combat to a Unique Therapy of the Future.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 20(4).
[Abstract] The purpose of this publication is to provide generalized knowledge of the area of changes that took place over past centuries in relation to health, social and cultural conditions. In Greek mythology, it was necessary to nurture both body and spirit to be a perfect human being. This link between the concepts of physical beauty and goodness can be also found in later works dedicated to ancient Greek history. Particularly in Greek myths, and in Greek education in general, it was believed that both physical and spiritual excellence were necessary to raise men to achieve their true form. Some of the main forms of implementing this idea were hand-to-hand combat exercises (wrestling, boxing and pankration). Ideas characteristic of the world of ancient Greece, in a general sense, can be observed in the culture of the Far East. The main difference is the fact that these principles did not survive in Western culture as a result of transformation into a consumer society focused on the rejection of moral principles. The brutalisation of the forms of the Roman Games meant that the ideals of the ancient world were forgotten for more than 1500 years. The modern Olympic Games were resurrected in the 19th century. Inspired by the ancient Greek cult of health of body and spirit, they gave rise to a movement known as Olympism. In the Olympic Charter written by Coubertin, Olympism was called "a philosophy of life exalting and combining in a balanced whole the qualities of body, will and mind". The combat sports disciplines have had their place there since the beginning of the modern Olympic Games. The evolution of hand-to-hand combat disciplines, including numerous scientific studies indicating a very broad impact in the area of health, led to this type of physical activity being reached for as an essential element in supporting the health-promoting behaviour of society. Nowadays, physical activity in the area of exercise with elements of hand-to-hand combat, combat sports, or martial arts is an indissoluble link in the prevention and treatment of 21st century diseases. For Parkinson's disease patients, drug treatment is an essential resource for continuing to function in society, but it will not be completely effective without supporting the treatment with appropriate and attractive physical activity (e.g., "Rock Steady Boxing"). Of similar importance is the prevention of dangerous falls, which are common in this population as well as among the elderly or those affected by other diseases of civilisation. Implementing the principles and techniques of safe falling in the teaching of the young population significantly increases the likelihood of applying appropriate responses to these individuals in adulthood and old age. Actions that should be taken now for prevention can be implemented through social programmes, such as "Active today for a healthy future".
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract discusses the historical and cultural evolution of hand-to-hand combat and its impact on health, including the prevention of falls. However, it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames as an intervention for preventing falls in the elderly. The paper appears to be more about the broader context of physical activity, including combat sports and martial arts, and their role in health promotion.

[Author]   Kuang, Z., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Long-term air pollution exposure accelerates ageing-associated degradation of lung function.
[Journal]  ATMOSPHERIC POLLUTION RESEARCH 14(10).
[Abstract] Several longitudinal studies have associated ambient air pollution exposure with lung function, while cohort evidence was extremely sparse in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs) experiencing heavy air pollution. In this study, we sought to establish the concentration-response association between long-term exposures to fine particulate matter (PM2.5) and gaseous air pollutants (e.g., nitrogen dioxide [NO2] and ozone [O-3]) and lung function in Chinese middle-aged and older adults. We conceived a nationwide longitudinal study from 2011 through 2015, by enrolling 13,614 participants aged 45 and above from 28 provincial regions across mainland of China. Lung function in each survey wave was measured as peak expiratory flow (PEF) repeatedly by welltrained interviewers using standardized devices. We assigned the exposures to ambient air pollutants (PM2.5, NO2 and O-3) of participants according to their residential cities at baseline, via deriving monthly estimates from well-validated spatiotemporal datasets developed by machine learning methods. Possible exposure biases were examined through Monte Carlo simulation approach with 1000 random simulations of the residential addresses for each participant. The associations of long-term air pollution exposure with PEF and PEF z-score were assessed using mixed-effects linear models. We compared estimated effects of each pollutant with the effect of aging on lung function to elevate interpretability of the association magnitude. Subgroup analyses were conducted to identify potential effect modifiers. We evaluated totally 34,196 repeated measurements of lung function from 13,614 adults. Mean of age at survey was 60.8 years (standard deviation 9.4 years). An increase of 10-mu g/m(3) in annual PM2.5, NO2 and O-3 exposure was respectively associated with a decline in PEF of 14.6 (95% confidence interval: 13.1-16.2) L/min, 21.7 (19.6-23.8) L/min, and 25.5 (20.6-30.4) L/min, which were equivalent to the effects of aging by 3.9-7.3 years and percent declines of 4.9-8.5%. We observed approximately linear relationships between PEF and PM2.5 and O-3, while a reversely J-shaped NO2-PEF relation was identified with steeper drops below 30 mu g/m(3). Stratified analyses suggested significantly greater lung function impairment associated with ambient air pollutants in men, younger (<65), and less-educated adults. Our primary findings were robust to the sensitivity analyses based on Monte Carlo simulation approach with 1000 simulations, as well as adjustments for co-pollutant analyses. This study provided national evidence that long-term exposure to ambient PM2.5, NO2 and O-3 may be independently associated with reduced lung function in Chinese middle-aged and older adults. Improvement of air quality may substantially offset the deterioration of lung function due to ageing in LMICs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the association between long-term exposure to air pollution and lung function in middle-aged and older adults. It does not involve the use of exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kugelman, D. N., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Participation in Recreational Athletics After Operative Fixation of Tibial Plateau Fractures: Predictors and Functional Outcomes of Those Getting Back in the Game.
[Journal]  ORTHOPAEDIC JOURNAL OF SPORTS MEDICINE 5(12).
[Abstract] Background: Tibial plateau fractures can be devastating traumatic injuries to the knee, particularly in active athletes.Purpose/Hypothesis: The purpose of this study was to report on the return to participation in recreational athletics after operatively managed tibial plateau fractures. In addition, this study assessed factors associated with the ability to return to participation in recreational athletics after tibial plateau fractures treated with open reduction internal fixation and compared final outcomes between patients who were able to return to recreational athletics and those who could not. The hypothesis was that returning to participation in recreational athletics would be dependent on the time from surgery after operative fixation of tibial plateau fractures. Less severe injuries would be associated with a quicker return to athletics.Study Design: Case-control study; Level of evidence, 3.Methods: All tibial plateau fractures treated by 1 of 3 surgeons at a single academic institution over an 11-year period were prospectively followed. Final outcomes were evaluated using the Short Musculoskeletal Function Assessment at latest follow-up. All complications were recorded at each follow-up. Differences between the groups were compared using Student t tests for continuous variables. Chi-square analysis was used to determine whether differences between categorical variables existed. Logistic regression was performed to assess independent variables associated with returning to participation in recreational athletics.Results: A total of 169 patients who underwent operative management of their tibial plateau fracture reported participation in recreational athletics before their injury. By the 6-month time point, 48 patients (31.6%) had returned to participation in recreational athletics, and at final follow-up (mean, 15 months), 89 patients (52.4%) had returned to participation in recreational athletics. Predictors of returning to recreational athletics included white race, female sex, social alcohol consumption, younger age, increased range of motion (ROM), low-energy Schatzker patterns (I-III), injuries not inclusive of orthopaedic polytrauma or open fractures, and no postoperative complications. White race, social alcohol consumption, and increased ROM were associated with returning to athletics at both 6-month and final follow-up. Lack of a venous thromboembolism was associated with returning to athletics at final follow-up. Patients who returned to recreational athletics had associations with better functional outcomes and emotional status than those who did not.Conclusion: The number of patients who returned to participation in recreational athletics gradually increased over time after operative fixation of tibial plateau fractures. Less severe injuries and a lack of postoperative complications were associated with a quicker return to athletics. Predictors of returning to participation in recreational athletics after operatively managed tibial plateau fractures can be used to target patients at risk of not returning to play to provide interventions aimed at improving their recovery, such as early knee range of motion, muscle strengthening, and participation in low-impact activities.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the return to recreational athletics after operative fixation of tibial plateau fractures, and it does not mention any exergames or interventions targeting older people. Additionally, the study design is a case-control study, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Kulakovskyi, A., et al. (2019).
[Title]    High-Resolution Defect Imaging In Laminate Composites And Honeycomb Structures
[Journal]  45TH ANNUAL REVIEW OF PROGRESS IN QUANTITATIVE NONDESTRUCTIVE EVALUATION, VOL 38. 2102.
[Abstract] Carbon fiber reinforced polymer (CFRP) plates and honeycomb composite sandwich structures (HCSS) are extensively used in the aerospace industry due to their excellent strength-to-weight ratio, stiffness, and corrosion resistance. Nevertheless, these structures are susceptible to hidden damage defects such as face sheet delamination or core-sheet debonding that may appear due to impact forces or themio-mechanical aging and can decrease these properties. GW-based structural health monitoring (SHM) system is considered as a promising solution for such structures inspection. It has been proven, that GWs can explore large areas while being sensitive to the present flaws. This paper reports on the guided waves imaging for CFRP plates and HCSS in order to localize and characterize defect. High-resolution cartography of the structure of interest is obtained by means of a baseline demanding defect-imaging algorithm. It computes and assigns a damage index value to each pixel of the cartography. A damage index value is obtained by correlating experimental to theoretical signals. While a sparse grid of piezo-electric transducers is used for GW actuation and sensing, the theoretical signals are computed by two-dimensional semi-analytical finite element (SAFE) modeling. The major advantage of this methodology is the capability to localize defects with a high degree of accuracy. Augmented reality application for SHM system is also presented. Such an application is used for SHM systems periphery and inspection results visualization.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about high-resolution defect imaging in composite materials, specifically carbon fiber reinforced polymer (CFRP) plates and honeycomb composite sandwich structures (HCSS), using guided waves and structural health monitoring (SHM) systems. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Kumar, D., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Virtual Reality-Based Center of Mass-Assisted Personalized Balance Training System.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN BIOENGINEERING AND BIOTECHNOLOGY 5.
[Abstract] Poststroke hemiplegic patients often show altered weight distribution with balance disorders, increasing their risk of fall. Conventional balance training, though powerful, suffers from scarcity of trained therapists, frequent visits to clinics to get therapy, one-on-one therapy sessions, and monotony of repetitive exercise tasks. Thus, technology-assisted balance rehabilitation can be an alternative solution. Here, we chose virtual reality as a technology-based platform to develop motivating balance tasks. This platform was augmented with off-the-shelf available sensors such as Nintendo Wii balance board and Kinect to estimate one's center of mass (CoM). The virtual reality-based CoM-assisted balance tasks (Virtual CoMBaT) was designed to be adaptive to one's individualized weight-shifting capability quantified through CoM displacement. Participants were asked to interact with Virtual CoMBaT that offered tasks of varying challenge levels while adhering to ankle strategy for weight shifting. To facilitate the patients to use ankle strategy during weight-shifting, we designed a heel lift detection module. A usability study was carried out with 12 hemiplegic patients. Results indicate the potential of our system to contribute to improving one's overall performance in balance-related tasks belonging to different difficulty levels.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of a virtual reality-based system for balance training in poststroke hemiplegic patients, not specifically in the elderly. While the intervention does involve an exergame and aims to improve balance, which can reduce the risk of falls, the target population is not explicitly older people. Additionally, the study is a usability study, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet all the specified criteria.

[Author]   Kumar, D., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Virtual reality-based balance training system augmented with operant conditioning paradigm.
[Journal]  BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING ONLINE 18(1).
[Abstract] Background Stroke-related sensory and motor deficits often steal away the independent mobility and balance from stroke survivors. Often, this compels the stroke survivors to rely heavily on their non-paretic leg during weight shifting to execute activities of daily living (ADL), with reduced usage of the paretic leg. Increased reliance on non-paretic leg often leads to learned nonuse of the paretic leg. Therefore, it is necessary to measure the contribution of individual legs toward one's overall balance. In turn, techniques can be developed to condition the usage of both the legs during one's balance training, thereby encouraging the hemiplegic patients for increased use of their paretic leg. The aim of this study is to (1) develop a virtual reality (VR)-based balance training platform that can estimate the contribution of each leg during VR-based weight-shifting tasks in an individualized manner and (2) understand the implication of operant conditioning paradigm during balance training on the overall balance of hemiplegic stroke patients. Result Twenty-nine hemiplegic patients participated in a single session of VR-based balance training. The participants maneuvered virtual objects in the virtual environment using two Wii Balance Boards that measured displacement in the center of pressure (CoP) due to each leg when one performed weight-shifting tasks. For operant conditioning, the weight distribution across both the legs was conditioned (during normal trial) to reward participants for increased usage of the paretic leg during the weight-shifting task. The participants were offered multiple levels of normal trials with intermediate catch trial (with equal weight distribution between both legs) in an individualized manner. The effect of operant conditioning during the normal trials was measured in the following catch trials. The participants showed significantly improved performance in the final catch trial compared to their initial catch trial task. Also, the enhancement in CoP displacement of the paretic leg was significant in the final catch trial compared to the initial catch trial. Conclusion The developed system was able to encourage participants for improved usage of their paretic leg during weight-shifting tasks. Such an approach has the potential to address the issue of learned nonuse of the paretic leg in stroke patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on a virtual reality (VR)-based balance training system for hemiplegic stroke patients, with the aim of encouraging the use of the paretic leg during weight-shifting tasks. While the intervention involves a form of exergame (virtual reality), the target population is stroke survivors, and the primary goal is to improve balance and address learned nonuse of the paretic leg, rather than specifically preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study does not mention a randomized controlled trial, and it appears to be a single-session study.

[Author]   Kumar, T. S., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Online monitoring of crack depth in fiber reinforced composite beams using optimization Grey model GM(1,N).
[Journal]  ENGINEERING FRACTURE MECHANICS 271.
[Abstract] The existing analytical and numerical simulation models are not able to estimate the crack depth when poor information available about the crack. The present study is aimed to develop an online monitoring system to estimate crack depth in composites. The online monitoring system is developed with optimization Grey model OGM(1,N) and support vector machine (SVM) sepa-rately and the crack depth is estimated in E-glass fiber reinforcement polymer composites. In this study, cracks are made artificially on the E-glass fiber reinforcement polymer at distance of 50, 100 and 150 mm from free end with crack depth ratios of 12.9%, 14.1%, 15.3%, 16.5%, 17.6% and 18.8%. Natural frequency is measured at three nodes for all the cracks. The proposed SVM and GN(1,N) models are trained with four samples for each position and tested for the remaining two samples. In the proposed OGM(1,N) model, training samples are updated by adding recent data sample and deleting old data. So that the OGM(1,N) model predicts the crack depth ratio more accurately than the SVM model with an error of 1.06%. The OGM (1, N) is simple and directly estimates the crack depth by taking into account online measured data of the vibration frequency. Based on the accuracy in prediction, the Grey online modeling and monitoring system is suggested to estimated crack depth in composites. Interaction effect of the crack position and crack depth ratio on the natural frequency at the three nodes is studied.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing an online monitoring system to estimate crack depth in fiber-reinanced composite beams using optimization Grey model and support vector machine. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kumar, V. C. V., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Learning a Control Policy for Fall Prevention on an Assistive Walking Device [arXiv].
[Journal]  arXiv: 6 pp.-6 pp.
[Abstract] Fall prevention is one of the most important components in senior care. We present a technique to augment an assistive walking device with the ability to prevent falls. Given an existing walking device, our method develops a fall predictor and a recovery policy by utilizing the onboard sensors and actuators. The key component of our method is a robust human walking policy that models realistic human gait under a moderate level of perturbations. We use this human walking policy to provide training data for the fall predictor, as well as to teach the recovery policy how to best modify the person's gait when a fall is imminent. Our evaluation shows that the human walking policy generates walking sequences similar to those reported in biomechanics literature. Our experiments in simulation show that the augmented assistive device can indeed help recover balance from a variety of external perturbations. We also provide a quantitative method to evaluate the design choices for an assistive device.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Instead, it focuses on augmenting an assistive walking device with a fall predictor and a recovery policy using onboard sensors and actuators. The intervention does not involve exergames, virtual reality, video games, or cognitive training. Additionally, the paper describes a simulation and a method for evaluating the design choices of the assistive device, but it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Kurt, O., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of video modeling in teaching earthquake and postearthquake evacuation safety skills for children with autism.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF APPLIED BEHAVIOR ANALYSIS 57(2): 331-340.
[Abstract] The purpose of the present study was to investigate the effectiveness of video modeling to teach safety skills during earthquakes and postearthquake evacuation to children with autism. Three male children with autism, aged 9-10 years, participated in the study. The results indicate that video modeling was effective at promoting the acquisition of "drop, cover, and hold on" and evacuation skills for all three students. Furthermore, the skills generalized to a new setting for all three participants and maintained up to 4 weeks after video modeling for the two participants for whom maintenance was evaluated. Social-validity data were also collected from participants, their parents, and a teacher, and the findings were positive overall. Implications for instruction and future research are discussed based on the results of the study.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets children with autism, and the focus is on teaching earthquake and post-earthquake evacuation safety skills using video modeling, which does not meet the criteria for exergames. Additionally, the participants are not older people, and the study does not address fall prevention.

[Author]   Kwok, B.-C., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Novel use of the Wii Balance Board to prospectively predict falls in community-dwelling older adults.
[Journal]  CLINICAL BIOMECHANICS 30(5): 481-484.
[Abstract] Background: The Wii Balance Board has received increasing attention as a balance measurement tool; however its ability to prospectively predict falls is unknown. This exploratory study investigated the use of the Wii Balance Board and other clinical-based measures for prospectively predicting falls among community-dwelling older adults.Methods: Seventy-three community-dwelling-men and women, aged 60-85 years were followed-up over a year for falls. Standing balance was indexed by sway velocities measured using the Wii Balance Board interfaced with a laptop. Clinical-based measures included Short Physical Performance Battery, gait speed and Timed-Up-and-Go test. Multivariable regression analyses were used to assess the ability of the Wii Balance Board measure to complement the TUG test in fall screening.Findings: Individually, the study found Wii Balance Board anteroposterior (odds ratio 1.98,95% CI 1.16 to 3.40, P = 0.01) and mediolateral (odds ratio 2.80, 95% CI 1.10 to 7.13, p = 0.03) sway velocity measures predictive of prospective falls. However, when each velocity measure was adjusted with body mass index and Timed-Up-and-Go, only anteroposterior sway velocity was predictive of prospective falls (odds ratio 2.21,95% CI 1.18 to 4.14). A faster anteroposterior velocity was associated with increased odds of falling. Area-under-the-curves for Wii Balance Board sway velocities were 0.67 and 0.71 for anteroposterior and mediolateral respectively.Interpretation:The Wii Balance Board-derived anteroposterior sway velocity measure could complement existing clinical-based measures in predicting future falls among community-dwelling older adults. Trial registration: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry number: ACTRN12610001099011. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using the Wii Balance Board to predict falls in older adults, rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The study focuses on the measurement and predictive capabilities of the Wii Balance Board, not on an exergame intervention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Kyllonen, K. M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Postmortem and Antemortem Forensic Assessment of Pediatric Fracture Healing from Radiographs and Machine Learning Classification.
[Journal]  BIOLOGY-BASEL 11(5).
[Abstract] Simple Summary Being able to estimate from X-rays alone how long ago a child's bone was fractured is important for prosecuting suspected child abuse of living or dead children. This estimate can also help identify a child when all that remains are bones. Experts use various indicators to make these estimates of the age of healing and fully healed fractures, in living and deceased persons, even years after the injury occurred. However, it is not a precise science. We proposed a method using a new combination of indicators to classify fracture healing in children and adolescents. We tested its accuracy with a public database of X-rays of children's fractures taken during the treatment and healing process. We used part of the X-ray database for training artificial intelligence (AI, or machine learning) programs to classify stages of bone healing when using our new system. We used another portion of the same database to test the performance of the AI system that had been trained with our new classification system. Our new system addresses certain classification ambiguities of a currently used system and is similar in accuracy. A timeline of pediatric bone healing using fracture healing characteristics that can be assessed solely using radiographs would be practical for forensic casework, where the fracture event may precede death by days, months, or years. However, the dating of fractures from radiographs is difficult, imprecise, and lacks consensus, as only a few aspects of the healing process are visible on radiographs. Multiple studies in both the clinical and forensic literature have attempted to develop a usable scale to assess pediatric bone healing on radiographs using various healing characteristics. In contrast to the orthopedic definition, a fracture in forensic casework is only considered to be healed when the area around the fracture has been remodeled to the point that the fracture is difficult to detect on a radiograph or on the surface of the bone itself, a process that can take several years. We subjectively assessed visible characteristics of healing in radiograms of fractures occurring in 942 living children and adolescents. By dividing these assessments into learning and test (validation) sets, the accuracy of a newly proposed fracture healing scale was compared to a previous study. Two machine learning models were used to test predictions of the new scale. All three models produced similar estimates with substantial imprecision. Results corroborate the Malone model with an independent dataset and support the efficacy of using less complex models to estimate fracture age in children.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on developing and testing a method for estimating the age of pediatric fractures using radiographs and machine learning, which is unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older adults.

[Author]   Kyung, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Supervised representation learning based on various levels of pediatric radiographic views for transfer learning.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 14(1).
[Abstract] Transfer learning plays a pivotal role in addressing the paucity of data, expediting training processes, and enhancing model performance. Nonetheless, the prevailing practice of transfer learning predominantly relies on pre-trained models designed for the natural image domain, which may not be well-suited for the medical image domain in grayscale. Recognizing the significance of leveraging transfer learning in medical research, we undertook the construction of class-balanced pediatric radiograph datasets collectively referred to as PedXnets, grounded in radiographic views using the pediatric radiographs collected over 24 years at Asan Medical Center. For PedXnets pre-training, approximately 70,000 X-ray images were utilized. Three different pre-training weights of PedXnet were constructed using Inception V3 for various radiation perspective classifications: Model-PedXnet-7C, Model-PedXnet-30C, and Model-PedXnet-68C. We validated the transferability and positive effects of transfer learning of PedXnets through pediatric downstream tasks including fracture classification and bone age assessment (BAA). The evaluation of transfer learning effects through classification and regression metrics showed superior performance of Model-PedXnets in quantitative assessments. Additionally, visual analyses confirmed that the Model-PedXnets were more focused on meaningful regions of interest.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about supervised representation learning and transfer learning using pediatric radiographic views, which does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Lahav, Y., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    A novel body circumferences-based estimation of percentage body fat.
[Journal]  BRITISH JOURNAL OF NUTRITION 119(6): 720-725.
[Abstract] Anthropometric measures of body composition are often used for rapid and cost-effective estimation of percentage body fat (%BF) in field research, serial measurements and screening. Our aim was to develop a validated estimate of %BF for the general population, based on simple body circumferences measures. The study cohort consisted of two consecutive samples of health club members, designated as 'development' (n 476, 61 % men, 39 % women) and 'validation' (n 224, 50 % men, 50 % women) groups. All subjects underwent anthropometric measurements as part of their registration to a health club. Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) scan was used as the 'gold standard' estimate of %BF. Linear regressions where used to construct the predictive equation (%BFcal). Bland-Altman statistics, Lin concordance coefficients and percentage of subjects falling within 5 % of %BF estimate by DEXA were used to evaluate accuracy and precision of the equation. The variance inflation factor was used to check multicollinearity. Two distinct equations were developed for men and women: %BFcal (men) = 10.1-0.239H+0.8A-0.5N; %BFcal (women) = 19.2-0.239H+0.8A-0.5N (H, height; A, abdomen; N, neck, all in cm). Bland-Altman differences were randomly distributed and showed no fixed bias. Lin concordance coefficients of %BFcal were 0.89 in men and 0.86 in women. About 79.5 % of %BF predictions in both sexes were within +/- 5 % of the DEXA value. The Durnin-Womersley skinfolds equation was less accurate in our study group for prediction of %BF than %BFcal. We conclude that %BFcal offers the advantage of obtaining a reliable estimate of %BF from simple measurements that require no sophisticated tools and only a minimal prior training and experience.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a method to estimate percentage body fat using body circumferences, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on anthropometric measures and their validation against DEXA scans, and it does not involve any exergame interventions or target older people for fall prevention.

[Author]   Lai, B., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Leisure-time physical activity interventions for children and adults with cerebral palsy: a scoping review.
[Journal]  DEVELOPMENTAL MEDICINE AND CHILD NEUROLOGY 63(2): 162-171.
[Abstract] Aim To summarize current evidence on the effects and reach of leisure-time physical activity (LTPA) interventions among children and adults with cerebral palsy (CP).Method Systematic searches were conducted in PubMed, CINAHL, and Google Scholar to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of LTPA interventions in CP. Data from eligible studies were extracted for qualitative synthesis.Results Forty-eight studies enrolled a total of 1513 participants (mean [SD] age 13y [7y], range 5-43y; 818 males, 655 females, 40 not reported) and primarily included ambulatory children. RCTs underrepresented adults and people in Gross Motor Function Classification System (GMFCS) levels IV and V. Forty-one studies reported at least one favorable benefit from LTPA. Benefits included improvements to musculoskeletal strength, cardiorespiratory fitness, quality of life, spasticity, participation, and core aspects of physical function. Regarding reach, only 34% of people that were contacted to participate enrolled within a study. A smaller percentage of participants dropped out from intervention (8%) and follow-up periods (3%).Interpretation Study findings highlight effective interventions to improve health, fitness, and function. To enhance the reach and generalizability of LTPA trials for CP, future studies should examine how to increase study sample sizes and aim to include a better representation of adults and people in GMFCS levels IV and V.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a scoping review that summarizes the effects and reach of leisure-time physical activity (LTPA) interventions for children and adults with cerebral palsy. It does not specifically target older people, nor does it focus on exergames as an intervention. Additionally, the paper is a review and does not report original data from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Lai, Q., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Sarco-Model: A score to predict the dropout risk in the perspective of organ allocation in patients awaiting liver transplantation.
[Journal]  LIVER INTERNATIONAL 41(7): 1629-1640.
[Abstract] Background & Aims Sarcopenia in liver transplantation (LT) cirrhotic candidates has been connected with higher dropouts and graft losses after transplant. The study aims to create an 'urgency' model combining sarcopenia and Model for End-stage Liver Disease Sodium (MELDNa) to predict the risk of dropout and identify an appropriate threshold of post-LT futility.Methods A total of 1087 adult cirrhotic patients were listed for a first LT during January 2012 to December 2018. The study population was split into a training (n = 855) and a validation set (n = 232).Results Using a competing-risk analysis of cause-specific hazards, we created the Sarco-Model(2). According to the model, one extra point of MELDNa was added for each 0.5 cm(2)/m(2) reduction of total psoas area (TPA) < 6.0 cm(2)/m(2). At external validation, the Sarco-Model(2) showed the best diagnostic ability for predicting the risk of 3-month dropout in patients with MELDNa < 20 (area under the curve [AUC] = 0.93; P = .003). Using the net reclassification improvement, 14.3% of dropped-out patients were correctly reclassified using the Sarco-Model(2). As for the futility threshold, transplanted patients with TPA < 6.0 cm(2)/m(2) and MELDNa 35-40 (n = 16/833, 1.9%) had the worse results (6-month graft loss = 25.5%).Conclusions In sarcopenic patients with MELDNa < 20, the 'urgency' Sarco-Model(2) should be used to prioritize the list, while MELDNa value should be preferred in patients with MELDNa >= 20. The Sarco-Model(2) played a role in more than 30% of the cases in the investigated allocation scenario. In sarcopenic patients with a MELDNa value of 35-40, 'futile' transplantation should be considered.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about creating a model to predict the dropout risk and post-transplant futility in patients awaiting liver transplantation. It does not involve exergames, fall prevention, or any intervention targeting older people. The study focuses on sarcopenia and the Model for End-stage Liver Disease Sodium (MELDNa) in the context of liver transplantation.

[Author]   Laly, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Influence of a Three-Month Mixed Reality Training on Gait Speed and Cognitive Functions in Adults with Intellectual Disability: A Pilot Study.
[Journal]  SENSORS 24(6).
[Abstract] People with intellectual disability (ID) are often subject to motor impairments such as altered gait. As gait is a task involving motor and perceptive dimensions, perceptual-motor training is an efficient rehabilitation approach to reduce the risk of falls which grows with age. Virtual, augmented, and mixed reality are recent tools which enable interaction with 3D elements at different levels of immersion and interaction. In view of the countless possibilities that this opens, their use for therapeutic purposes is constantly increasing. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate the influence a mixed reality activity could have on motor and cognitive abilities in eighteen adults with intellectual disability. For three months, once a week, they had around 20 min to pop virtual balloons with a finger using a Microsoft HoloLens2 (R) head-mounted mixed-reality device. Motor skills were assessed through gait analysis and cognitive abilities were measured with the Montreal Cognitive Assessment. Both walking speed and cognitive score increased after training. In conclusion, this study demonstrates that mixed reality holds potential to get used for therapeutic purposes in adults with ID.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on adults with intellectual disability and uses a mixed reality intervention to improve gait speed and cognitive functions. The criteria for the target population (older people) and the specific focus on fall prevention are not met.

[Author]   Lamichhane, P., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Augmented reality-based training versus standard training in improvement of balance, mobility and fall risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  ANNALS OF MEDICINE AND SURGERY 85(8): 4026-4032.
[Abstract] Objective:Augmented reality (AR) technology is being used recently in healthcare, especially for rehabilitation purposes, owing to its ability for repetition, rapid feedback, and motivation for patients. This systematic review and meta-analysis aims to compare the efficacy of AR-based interventions to conventional physical interventions in improving balance, mobility, and fall risk. Material and methods:PubMed, Google Scholar, Scopus, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were systematically searched from inception to January 2023. Randomized trials and observational cohort studies comparing the effects of AR-based exercises with conventional training in patients 18 years and older were included in the analysis. Studies using virtual reality, case reports and series, reviews, meta-analyses, letters, and editorials were excluded. Post-intervention data on the Berg Balance Scale (BBS) and Timed Up and Go (TUG) Test were extracted and studied. The fixed-effects inverse variance model was utilized to pool the extracted data. Results:Out of 438 articles, seven articles (199 participants) comparing AR-based exercise with the standard training were included in the systematic review. Six articles with sufficient data on the parameters were included in the meta-analysis. AR-based exercises resulted in a significantly higher BBS score than conventional exercise (Hedge's g=0.48, 95% CI=0.19-0.77, P<0.001). The BBS value was significantly higher in AR-based training of 8 weeks or more (Hedge's g=0.88, 95% CI=0.46-1.31) when compared with trainings conducted for less than 8 weeks (Hedge's g=0.11, 95% CI=-0.30 to 0.52), P=0.01). Likewise, the TUG Test score was found to be to be significantly lower in ARgroup than the controls (Hedge's g= -0.54, 95% CI=-0.85 to -0.23, P<0.01). Conclusion:In comparison to conventional methods, AR-based exercises had higher improvements in balance, mobility, and fall risk parameters. The use of AR technology in elderly patients can promote independence while preventing falls and associated morbidity and mortality. There is a need for a larger randomized controlled trial to provide a more accurate comparison on efficacy and safety of different modalities of training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the intervention includes augmented reality (AR) and targets patients 18 years and older, the focus is not specifically on exergames for the elderly.

[Author]   Lang, C., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Complexities and challenges of translating intervention success to real world gait in people with Parkinson's disease.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN NEUROLOGY 15.
[Abstract] Background Unstable gait leading to falls negatively impacts the quality of life in many people with Parkinson's disease (PD). Systematic review evidence provides moderate to strong evidence of efficacy for a wide range of physiotherapy-based interventions to reduce gait impairment. However, outcomes have often focused on gait assessments conducted in controlled laboratory or clinical environments.Objective This perspective investigates the complexities and challenges of conducting real-world gait assessments in people with PD and the factors that may influence the translation from improved lab-assessed gait to improved real-world gait.Methods Through a thorough review of current literature, we present an in-depth analysis of current methodological approaches to real-world gait assessments and the challenges that may influence the translation of an intervention's success from lab-based outcomes to improved walking during daily life.Results We identified six key factors that may influence the translation of intervention success into real-world environments at different stages of the process. These factors comprise the gait intervention, parameters analyzed, sensor setup, assessment protocols, characteristics of walking bouts, and medication status. We provide recommendations for each factor based on our synthesis of current literature.Conclusion This perspective emphasizes the importance of measuring intervention success outside of the laboratory environment using real-world gait assessments. Our findings support the need for future studies to bridge the gap between proven efficacy for gait as assessed in controlled laboratory environments and real-world impact for people with PD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus is on the complexities and challenges of translating gait intervention success from controlled laboratory or clinical environments to real-world settings for people with Parkinson's disease. It does not specifically mention exergames as an intervention, nor does it report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Langer, A., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    How COVID-19 will boost remote exercise-based treatment in Parkinson's disease: a narrative review.
[Journal]  NPJ PARKINSONS DISEASE 7(1).
[Abstract] The lack of physical exercise during the COVID-19 pandemic-related quarantine measures is challenging, especially for patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). Without regular exercise not only patients, but also nursing staff and physicians soon noticed a deterioration of motor and non-motor symptoms. Reduced functional mobility, increased falls, increased frailty, and decreased quality of life were identified as consequences of increased sedentary behavior. This work overviews the current literature on problems of supplying conventional physiotherapy and the potential of telerehabilitation, allied health services, and patient-initiated exercise for PD patients during the COVID-19 period. We discuss recent studies on approaches that can improve remote provision of exercise to patients, including telerehabilitation, motivational tools, apps, exergaming, and virtual reality (VR) exercise. Additionally, we provide a case report about a 69-year-old PD patient who took part in a 12-week guided climbing course for PD patients prior to the pandemic and found a solution to continue her climbing training independently with an outdoor rope ladder. This case can serve as a best practice example for non-instructed, creative, and patient-initiated exercise in the domestic environment in difficult times, as are the current. Overall, many recent studies on telemedicine, telerehabilitation, and patient-initiated exercises have been published, giving rise to optimism that facilitating remote exercise can help PD patients maintain physical mobility and emotional well-being, even in phases such as the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic itself may even boost the need to establish comprehensive and easy-to-do telerehabilitation programs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a narrative review that discusses the potential of various remote exercise-based treatments, including exergaming and virtual reality, for patients with Parkinson's disease during the COVID-19 pandemic. However, it does not specifically focus on using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, nor does it report the results of randomized controlled trials. Instead, it provides an overview of the current literature and includes a case report. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the specific use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Langer, T., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Patients and families as teachers: a mixed methods assessment of a collaborative learning model for medical error disclosure and prevention.
[Journal]  BMJ QUALITY & SAFETY 25(8): 615-625.
[Abstract] Background Despite growing interest in engaging patients and families (P/F) in patient safety education, little is known about how P/F can best contribute. We assessed the feasibility and acceptability of a patient-teacher medical error disclosure and prevention training model.Methods We developed an educational intervention bringing together interprofessional clinicians with P/F from hospital advisory councils to discuss error disclosure and prevention. Patient focus groups and orientation sessions informed curriculum and assessment design. A pre-post survey with qualitative and quantitative questions was used to assess P/F and clinician experiences and attitudes about collaborative safety education including participant hopes, fears, perceived value of learning experience and challenges. Responses to open-ended questions were coded according to principles of content analysis.Results P/F and clinicians hoped to learn about each other's perspectives, communication skills and patient empowerment strategies. Before the intervention, both groups worried about power dynamics dampening effective interaction. Clinicians worried that P/F would learn about their fallibility, while P/F were concerned about clinicians' jargon and defensive posturing. Following workshops, clinicians valued patients' direct feedback, communication strategies for error disclosure and a 'real' learning experience. P/F appreciated clinicians' accountability, and insights into how medical errors affect clinicians. Half of participants found nothing challenging, the remainder clinicians cited emotions and enormity of ` culture change', while P/F commented on medical jargon and desire for more time. Patients and clinicians found the experience valuable. Recommendations about how to develop a patient-teacher programme in patient safety are provided.Conclusions An educational paradigm that includes patients as teachers and collaborative learners with clinicians in patient safety is feasible, valued by clinicians and P/F and promising for P/F-centred medical error disclosure and prevention training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on an educational intervention that involves patients and families as teachers in medical error disclosure and prevention training. It does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Lanza, M. B., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Is lateral external perturbation training more beneficial for protective stepping responses than voluntary stepping training in stroke? A pilot randomized control study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 21(1).
[Abstract] The study examined whether lateral perturbation training could improve stepping performance and balance in individuals post-stroke. Thirty-one participants with hemiparesis were randomly allocated to PERT (external perturbation) or VOL (voluntary stepping) step training. The PERT and VOL group consisted of 80 step trials predominantly in the lateral direction, with a small proportion of steps in the anterior/posterior direction. Outcome measures based on step type (medial and lateral) included step initiation time, step length, step clearance, step velocity during an induced waist pull perturbation and voluntary step, and clinical balance assessments. The PERT group initiated a lateral step faster with the non-paretic leg during the induced waist pull perturbation step (P = 0.044) than the VOL group after training. Both groups improved the non-paretic step length and step velocity during lateral steps. During the voluntary steps, the PERT group significantly initiated a voluntary step faster. No significant changes were observed in the paretic leg. Both groups significantly improved on the Community Balance & Mobility Scale and Activities Specific Balance Confidence Scale. Overall, we demonstrated that an exercise to improve stepping performance with external perturbations might provide more benefits in protective stepping responses than training with voluntary steps for individuals with a stroke.The study was retrospectively registered at ClincalTrials.gov (NCT06638476).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described involves lateral perturbation training and voluntary stepping training, which are not exergames. Additionally, the study focuses on individuals post-stroke, not specifically on older people.

[Author]   Lapierre, N., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Exergame-assisted rehabilitation for preventing falls in older adults at risk: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  GERONTOLOGY 69(6): 757-767.
[Abstract] Introduction. Exergaming is increasingly employed in rehabilitation for older adults. However, their effects on fall rate and fall risk remain unclear. Methods. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis that included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing exergame-assisted rehabilitation with control groups, published in French or English, from Web of Science, CINHAL, Embase, Medline and CENTRAL (last search in June 2021). Two reviewers independently assessed studies. Risk of bias was assessed using RoB2, PEDRO scale and the GRADE system. The outcomes of interest were: a) Fall rate, b) Risk of falling, measured by the Short Physical Performance Battery (SPPB), Timed up and Go (TUG), One-Leg Stance or Berg Balance Scale (BBS), c) Fear of falling, measured with the Fall Efficacy Scale (FES-I) or the Activities-specific Balance Confidence (ABC) score. Data was pooled and mean differences (MD) between exergame and control groups calculated using a random-effects model. Results. Twenty-seven RCTs were included (1415 participants, including 63.9% of women, mean age ranged from 65 to 85.2 years old). Exergame-assisted interventions were associated with a reduction in the incidence of falls (4 studies, 316 participants, MD=-0.91 falls per person per year; 95% CI: -1.65 to -0.17, p =0.02, moderate quality). Regarding fall risk (20 studies included, low-quality evidence), SPPB did not change (MD=0.74; 95% CI: -0.12; 1.60, p= 0.09), but all other scores were improved: BBS (MD= 2.85; 95% CI: 1.27 to -4.43, p=0.0004), TUG (MD=-1.46; 95%: CI -2.21 to -0.71, p=0.0001) and One-leg stance (MD=7.09; 95% CI: 4.21 to 9.98, p < 0.00001). Fear of falling scores (FES-I and ABC) showed no difference. Conclusion. There is moderate quality evidence of a reduction in the fall rate with exergame-assisted rehabilitation and low-quality evidence suggesting a mild reduction of the risk of falling. Statistically significant benefits from exergame-assisted rehabilitation did not achieve clinically meaningful changes in risk of falling assessments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it synthesizes results from multiple RCTs. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper should not be included.

[Author]   Larraga-Garcia, B., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    The Need for Trauma Management Training and Evaluation on a Prehospital Setting.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 19(20).
[Abstract] Trauma is one of the leading causes of death in the world, being the main cause of death in people under 45 years old. The epidemiology of these deaths shows an important peak during the first hour after a traumatic event. Therefore, learning how to manage traumatic injuries in a prehospital setting is of great importance. Medical students from Universidad Autonoma performed 66 different simulations to stabilize a trauma patient on a prehospital scene by using a web-based trauma simulator. Then, a panel of trauma experts evaluated the simulations performed, observing that, on average, an important number of simulations were scored below 5, being the score values provided from 0, minimum, to 10, maximum. Therefore, the first need detected is the need to further train prehospital trauma management in undergraduate education. Additionally, a deeper analysis of the scores provided by the experts was performed. It showed a great dispersion in the scores provided by the different trauma experts per simulation. Therefore, a second need is identified, the need to develop a system to objectively evaluate trauma management.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the need for better training and evaluation methods for trauma management in a prehospital setting, particularly for medical students. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described involves a web-based trauma simulator, which is not an exergame, and the target population is medical students, not older people. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Larsen, A. O. (2018). 
[Title]    CONSTITUTIONAL LAW IN AN AGE OF ALTERNATIVE FACTS.
[Journal]  NEW YORK UNIVERSITY LAW REVIEW 93(2): 175-248.
[Abstract] Objective facts-while perhaps always elusive-are now an endangered species. A mix of digital speed, social media, fractured news, and party polarization has led to what some call a "post-truth" society: a culture where what is true matters less than what we want to be true. At the same moment in time when "alternative facts" reign supreme, we have also anchored our constitutional law in general observations about the way the world works. Do violent video games harm child brain development? Is voter fraud widespread? Is a "partial-birth abortion" ever medically necessary? Judicial pronouncements on questions like these are common, and-perhaps more importantly-they are being briefed by sophisticated litigants who know how to grow the factual dimensions of their case in order to achieve the constitutional change that they want.The combination of these two forces-fact-heavy constitutional law in an environment where facts are easy to manipulate-is cause for serious concern. This Article explores what is new and worrisome about fact-finding today, and it identifies constitutional disputes loaded with convenient but false claims. To remedy the problem, we must empower courts to proactively guard against alternative facts. This means courts should push back on blanket calls for deference to the legislative record. Instead, I suggest re-focusing the standards of review in constitutional law to encourage fact-checking. It turns out some factual claims can be debunked with relative ease, and I encourage deference when lower courts rise above the fray and do just that.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper titled "CONSTITUTIONAL LAW IN AN AGE OF ALTERNATIVE FACTS" published in the NEW YORK UNIVERSITY LAW REVIEW is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The abstract indicates that the paper discusses constitutional law, the role of facts in legal proceedings, and the challenges posed by a "post-truth" society. It does not mention older people, exergames, or any interventions related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Larsen, M. N., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Positive effects on bone mineralisation and muscular fitness after 10 months of intense school-based physical training for children aged 8-10 years: the FIT FIRST randomised controlled trial.
[Journal]  BRITISH JOURNAL OF SPORTS MEDICINE 52(4): 254-+.
[Abstract] Objectives We investigated whether musculoskeletal fitness of school children aged 8-10 years was affected by frequent intense PE sessions.Design and participants 295 Danish school children aged 8-10 years were cluster randomised to a small-sided ball game group (SSG) (n=96, four schools, five classes), a circuit strength training group (CST) (n=83, four schools, four classes) or a control group (CON, n=116, two schools, five classes).Intervention SSG or CST was performed 3x40 min/week over 10 months. Whole-body dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scans were used to determine areal bone mineral density (aBMD), bone mineral content (BMC) and lean body mass (LBM). Flamingo balance, standing long jump and 20-m sprint tests were used to determine muscular fitness.Results Analysis of baseline-to-10 months change scores showed between-group differences in favour of the interventions in whole-body aBMD (SSG vs CON: 8 mg/ cm2, 95% CI 3 to 13; CST vs CON: 7 mg/ cm2, 95% CI 2 to 13, p< 0.05) and leg BMC (SSG vs CON: 11 g, 95% CI 4 to 18; CST vs CON: 11 g, 95% CI 3 to 18, p< 0.05). SSG had higher change scores in leg aBMD compared with CON and CST (SSG vs CON: 19 mg/ cm2, 95% CI 11 to 39, p< 0.05; SSG vs CST: 12 mg/ cm2, 95% CI 3 to 21, p< 0.05), and CST had higher change scores in whole-body BMC compared with CON (CST vs CON: 25 g, 95% CI 10 to 39, p< 0.05). Both training types resulted in higher change scores in postural balance (SSG vs CON: 2.4 fewer falls/ min, 95% CI 0.3 to 4.5, CST vs CON: 3.6 fewer falls/ min, 95% CI 1.3 to 5.9, p< 0.05) and jump length (SSG vs CON: 10%, 95% CI 5 to 16%; CST vs CON: 9%, 95% CI 3 to 15%, p< 0.05). No between-group differences were observed for sprint performance or LBM (p> 0.05).Conclusions In conclusion, 3x40 min/ week with SSG or CST over a full school year improves bone mineralisation and several aspects of muscular fitness of children aged 810 years, suggesting that well-organised intense physical education classes can contribute positively to develop musculoskeletal health in young children.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets children aged 8-10 years, and the interventions are small-sided ball games and circuit strength training, which are not exergames. Additionally, the primary focus is on musculoskeletal fitness, bone mineralization, and muscular fitness, rather than fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Larsen, M. N., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    PHYSICAL FITNESS AND BODY COMPOSITION IN 8-10-YEAR-OLD DANISH CHILDREN ARE ASSOCIATED WITH SPORTS CLUB PARTICIPATION.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF STRENGTH AND CONDITIONING RESEARCH 31(12): 3425-3434.
[Abstract] We investigated whether physical fitness and body composition in 8-10-year-old Danish children are associated with sports club participation. The study included 423 schoolchildren, comprising 209 girls and 214 boys, of whom 67 and 74%, respectively, were active in sports clubs. Yo-Yo intermittent recovery level 1 for children (YYIR1C), balance, jump and coordination tests, together with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, were used to determine exercise capacity and body composition. Children active in sports clubs had better (p > 0.05) YYIR1C (33%, 767 +/- 26 vs. 575 +/- 29 m), 20-m sprint (3%, 4.33 +/- 0.03 vs. 4.48 +/- 0.04 seconds), coordination (6%, 68 +/- 1 vs. 72 +/- 1 second), and balance test performances (9%, 19.3 +/- 0.5 vs. 21.2 +/- 0.7 falls.min(-1)) and lower fat mass index (16%, 3.8 +/- 0.1 vs. 4.5 +/- 0.2 kg[fat].m(-2)) than children not active in sports clubs. Ball game players had better (p > 0.05) YYIR1C (38%, 925 +/- 39 vs. 671 +/- 28 m), 20-m sprint (4%, 4.25 +/- 0.03 vs. 4.42 +/- 0.04 seconds), and coordination test performances (5%, 65 +/- 1 vs. 69 +/- 1 second), along with higher (p, 0.05) lean body mass (5%, 24.00 +/- 0.22 vs. 22.83 +/- 0.25 kg) and whole-body BMD (2%, 0.90 +/- < 0.01 vs. 0.88 +/- < 0.01 g.cm(-2)) compared with children active in other sports. The study showed that 8. 10-year-old Danish children engaged in sports-club activity, especially ball game players, have better exercise capacity and superior body composition compared with children not active in sports clubs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the association between sports club participation and physical fitness/body composition in 8-10-year-old Danish children. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The target population is children, not older people, and the intervention (sports club participation) is not an exergame. Additionally, the study design is observational, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Lau, J., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Immersive Technology for Cognitive-Motor Training in Parkinson's Disease.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN HUMAN NEUROSCIENCE 16.
[Abstract] Background: Parkinson's disease (PD) is a neurodegenerative disease in which the progressive loss of dopaminergic neurons (DA) leads to initially sporadic and eventually widespread damage of the nervous system resulting in significant musculoskeletal and cognitive deterioration. Loss of motor function alongside increasing cognitive impairment is part of the natural disease progression. Gait is often considered an automatic activity; however, walking is the result of a delicate balance of multiple systems which maintain the body's center of mass over an ever-changing base of support. It is a complex motor behavior that requires components of attention and memory to prevent falls and injury. In addition, evidence points to the critical role of salient visual information to gait adaptability. There is a growing understanding that treatment for PD needs to address movement as it occurs naturally and walking needs to be practiced in more complex environments than traditional therapy has provided. MethodsIn this single-blinded randomized-controlled pilot study, an immersive treadmill training was piloted to determine feasibility and preliminary efficacy on gait and cognition in people with PD. Eighteen participants with Hoehn and Yahr stages I-III PD were randomized to either an intervention or a waitlist control group. Following baseline data collection, the intervention group trained for 30 min, three times/week for 4 weeks on a split belt treadmill combined with a first-person immersive video game targeting visuospatial skills and working memory. Assessment was repeated after 4 weeks of training for the experimental group and 1-month after baseline for the control group. Primary motor outcomes were captured with the APDM Opal sensors during 6 MWT, TUG, and TUG Cognitive. Secondary outcomes of cognition were measured with the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA), Verbal Fluency (Fruit, Vegetable, and Animal) and the Symbol Digit Modality Test (SDMT). Within subject differences were calculated using the Wilcoxon Signed Ranked Test and between subject comparisons were analyzed using the Mann Whitney U-test. ResultsThis novel treadmill training program was well-tolerated with all participants in the intervention group completing 4 weeks of training three times a week without any adverse effects. After immersive cognitive motor training, the experimental group made clinically relevant improvements in gait speed and walking distance during the 6 MWT while members of the control group showed no change or decreased gait speed and walking distance over the 1-month trial. In addition, the experimental group demonstrated significant improvement for the TUG Cognitive (p = 0.05) and those changes were greater than the control group (between group p = 0.040). The experimental group also improved scores on MoCA (p = 0.007) and SDMT (p = 0.01) cognitive outcome measures while the control group did not. ConclusionThe use of immersive gaming technology to engage specific areas of cognition related to gait is feasible in PD. The treadmill training program paired with a customized interactive video game improved walking velocity in addition to non-significant but consistent improvements in other gait measures and cognitive performance in participants with early to mid-stage PD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using immersive technology (a first-person immersive video game) for cognitive-motor training in people with Parkinson's disease. While the intervention does involve an exergame and a randomized controlled trial, the target population is not specifically elderly individuals, but rather people with Parkinson's disease. Additionally, the primary focus is on improving gait and cognitive function in Parkinson's disease, rather than preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not fully meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Lau, S. T., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Effects of Hearing Loss on Dual-Task Performance in an Audiovisual Virtual Reality Simulation of Listening While Walking.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN ACADEMY OF AUDIOLOGY 27(7): 567-587.
[Abstract] Background: Most activities of daily living require the dynamic integration of sights, sounds, and movements as people navigate complex environments. Nevertheless, little is known about the effects of hearing loss (HL) or hearing aid (HA) use on listening during multitasking challenges.Purpose: The objective of the current study was to investigate the effect of age-related hearing loss (ARHL) on word recognition accuracy in a dual-task experiment. Virtual reality (VR) technologies in a specialized laboratory (Challenging Environment Assessment Laboratory) were used to produce a controlled and safe simulated environment for listening while walking.Research Design: In a simulation of a downtown street intersection, participants completed two single task conditions, listening-only (standing stationary) and walking-only (walking on a treadmill to cross the simulated intersection with no speech presented), and a dual-task condition (listening while walking). For the listening task, they were required to recognize words spoken by a target talker when there was a competing talker. For some blocks of trials, the target talker was always located at 0 azimuth (100% probability condition); for other blocks, the target talker was more likely (60% of trials) to be located at the center (0 azimuth) and less likely (40% of trials) to be located at the left (270 azimuth).Study Sample: The participants were eight older adults with bilateral HL (mean age = 73.3 yr, standard deviation [SD] = 8.4; three males) who wore their own HAs during testing and eight controls with normal hearing (NH) thresholds (mean age = 69.9 yr, SD = 5.4; two males). No participant had clinically significant visual, cognitive, or mobility impairments.Data Collection and Analysis: Word recognition accuracy and kinematic parameters (head and trunk angles, step width and length, stride time, cadence) were analyzed using mixed factorial analysis of variances with group as a between-subjects factor. Task condition (single versus dual) and probability (100% versus 60%) were within-subject factors. In analyses of the 60% listening condition, spatial expectation (likely versus unlikely) was a within-subject factor. Differences between groups in age and baseline measures of hearing, mobility, and cognition were tested using t tests.Results: The NH group had significantly better word recognition accuracy than the HL group. Both groups performed better when the probability was higher and the target location more likely. For word, recognition, dual-task costs for the HL group did not depend on condition, whereas the NH group demonstrated a surprising dual-task benefit in conditions with lower probability or spatial expectation. For the kinematic parameters, both groups demonstrated a more upright and less variable head position and more variable trunk position during dual-task conditions compared to the walking-only condition, suggesting that safe walking was prioritized. The HL group demonstrated more overall stride time variability than the NH group.Conclusions: This study provides new knowledge about the effects of ARHL, HA use, and aging on word recognition when individuals also perform a mobility-related task that is typically experienced in everyday life. This research may help inform the development of more effective function-based approaches to assessment and intervention for people who are hard-of-hearing.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of hearing loss on dual-task performance, specifically listening while walking, using a virtual reality (VR) simulation. While it does involve older adults and a VR environment, the primary intervention and focus are on understanding the impact of hearing loss and hearing aid use on word recognition and mobility, rather than on preventing falls through exergames. Additionally, the study design is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Lauenroth, A., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Effect of an Age Simulation Suit on Younger Adults' Gait Performance Compared to Older Adults' Normal Gait.
[Journal]  RESEARCH IN GERONTOLOGICAL NURSING 10(5): 228-234.
[Abstract] Age simulation suits are used to demonstrate typical physical impairments of older age (e.g., strength and sensory losses) in younger individuals. The purpose of the current study was to describe gait performance in different age groups while wearing an age simulation suit. A total of 178 participants ages 18 to 85 (mean age = 50.4 years, SD = 16.4 years) were assigned according to their age decade to four groups with (ages 18 to 59) and two groups without (ages 60 to 85) the aging suit. Gait performance was measured with a gait analysis system (GAITRite (R)) while walking at a self-chosen pace. Velocity, step length, step time, and base width were measured. Comparable performance was found for step length and velocity between ages 40 and 49/50 and 59 and ages 60 and 69/70 and 85 (p < 0.05). Results showed no corresponding relationship between step time and base width for all age groups. Simulation training helps younger individuals better understand older adults' perspectives, allowing for more positive interactions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effect of an age simulation suit on gait performance in younger adults compared to the normal gait of older adults. It does not involve any exergame intervention, and it is not a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Laufer, Y., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Does a Wii-based exercise program enhance balance control of independently functioning older adults? A systematic review.
[Journal]  CLINICAL INTERVENTIONS IN AGING 9: 1803-1813.
[Abstract] Background: Exercise programs that challenge an individual's balance have been shown to reduce the risk of falls among older adults. Virtual reality computer-based technology that provides the user with opportunities to interact with virtual objects is used extensively for entertainment. There is a growing interest in the potential of virtual reality-based interventions for balance training in older adults. This work comprises a systematic review of the literature to determine the effects of intervention programs utilizing the Nintendo Wii console on balance control and functional performance in independently functioning older adults.Methods: Studies were obtained by searching the following databases: PubMed, CINAHL, PEDro, EMBASE, SPORTdiscus, and Google Scholar, followed by a hand search of bibliographic references of the included studies. Included were randomized controlled trials written in English in which Nintendo Wii Fit was used to enhance standing balance performance in older adults and compared with an alternative exercise treatment, placebo, or no treatment.Results: Seven relevant studies were retrieved. The four studies examining the effect of Wii-based exercise compared with no exercise reported positive effects on at least one outcome measure related to balance performance in older adults. Studies comparing Wii-based training with alternative exercise programs generally indicated that the balance improvements achieved by Wii-based training are comparable with those achieved by other exercise programs.Conclusion: The review indicates that Wii-based exercise programs may serve as an alternative to more conventional forms of exercise aimed at improving balance control. However, due to the great variability between studies in terms of the intervention protocols and outcome measures, as well as methodological limitations, definitive recommendations as to optimal treatment protocols and the potential of such an intervention as a safe and effective home-based treatment cannot be made at this point.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it is not an original randomized controlled trial. Additionally, while the review discusses the use of exergames (specifically, the Nintendo Wii) to enhance balance control in older adults, it does not present new data from a single randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not fit the specified criteria.

[Author]   Laurence, B. D. and L. Michel (2017). 
[Title]    The Fall in Older Adults: Physical and Cognitive Problems.
[Journal]  Current aging science 10(3): 185-200.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: The aging of posture and balance function alters the quality of life in older people and causes serious problems in terms of public health and socio-economic costs for our modern societies.METHOD: This article reviews the various causes of imbalance and dizziness in the elderly, and considers how to prevent falls, and how to rehabilitate a faller subject in order to regain a good quality of life. Two effective ways of intervention are discussed, emphasizing the crucial role of physical activity and cognitive stimulation, classic or using the latest technical advances in virtual reality and video games.RESULTS: Fall in the elderly result from aging mechanisms acting on both the sensorimotor and cognitive spheres. The structural and functional integrity of the peripheral sensory receptors and the musculoskeletal system deteriorate with age. The brain ages and the executive functions, memory, learning, cortical processing of information, sharing of attentional resources and concentration, are modified in the elderly. Psychological affective factors such as depression, anxiety and stress contribute also to speed up the sensorimotor and cognitive decline. The rehabilitation of the postural balance in the elderly must take into account all of these components.CONCLUSION: The aging of the population and the increased of lifespan are a challenge for our modern societies regarding the major health and socio-economic questions they raise. The fall in the elderly being one of the dramatic consequences of the aging equilibration function, it is therefore imperative to develop rehabilitation procedures of balance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract provided discusses the causes of imbalance and dizziness in the elderly and reviews methods to prevent falls, including physical activity and cognitive stimulation. While it mentions the use of virtual reality and video games as part of the latest technical advances, the paper does not specifically focus on exergames as an intervention. Additionally, the abstract indicates that the article is a review, which does not meet the criteria for randomized controlled trials with reported results. Therefore, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   LaValva, S. M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Risk Factors for Failed Closed Reduction of Pediatric Distal Radius Fractures.
[Journal]  Journal of hand surgery global online 2(4): 196-202.
[Abstract] Purpose: Distal radius fractures (DRFs) are common pediatric injuries typically treated with closed reduction and casting. A substantial number of these fractures fail nonsurgical management, occasionally requiring surgical intervention. Risk factors associated with an unsuccessful initial closed reduction (UIR) attempt or loss of reduction (LOR) after a successful closed reduction remain poorly characterized.Methods: This was a retrospective investigation of pediatric patients with displaced DRFs treated by closed reduction and casting at a single children's hospital from 2013 to 2017. Patient factors (age, sex, and body mass index) and radiographic measurements (fracture type, fracture displacement, associated ulna fracture, and cast index) were evaluated to determine risk factors for UIR and LOR.Results: We identified 159 children (118 boys, mean age, 11 ± 3 years) with DRFs who underwent closed reduction and casting. An initial acceptable reduction was achieved in 81% of patients, and LOR occurred in 21.7%. Higher initial fracture translation in the sagittal or coronal plane and higher initial angulation in the coronal plane were associated with higher fluoroscopy times. Higher initial translation in the sagittal plane was independently associated with UIR. After closed reduction, residual translation in the sagittal plane and cast index were independent predictors for LOR. Fractures that were completely displaced in the sagittal plane were 6.2 times less likely to undergo an acceptable initial reduction, and fractures with any residual postreduction translation in the sagittal plane were 4.7 times more likely to demonstrate LOR.Conclusions: The most important factors predicting failure of nonsurgical management of pediatric DRFs are translation in the sagittal plane and cast index greater than 0.80. To optimize patient outcomes, these variables should be recognized by the treating provider and emphasized during simulation training of orthopedic and plastic surgery residents.Type of study/level of evidence: Prognostic III.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about risk factors for failed closed reduction of pediatric distal radius fractures and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are children, not older people, and the focus is on orthopedic treatment, not exergames.

[Author]   Lavender, S. A., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Evaluating Home Healthcare Workers' Safety Hazard Detection Ability Using Virtual Simulation.
[Journal]  Home healthcare now 37(5): 265-272.
[Abstract] Home healthcare workers (HHWs) are routinely exposed to occupational safety hazards when servicing patients in their homes that put them at risk for injury. These hazards can be broadly classified as "electric, fire and burn," "environmental," or "slip, trip, and lift" hazards. To better train HHWs regarding their potential exposure to these hazards, a home healthcare virtual simulation training system (HH-VSTS) was developed. The HH-VSTS contains three training modules, corresponding to the aforementioned hazard categories, and an assessment module. In each training module, the trainee must navigate the virtual space, via a mouse click, and identify items or conditions that represent hazards. Once an item has been clicked on, the HH-VSTS asks the user if the item or condition is a hazard. For items or conditions that are hazards, additional text boxes present material to the user as to why the item constitutes a hazard and potential remediation approaches. Thus, it is important that hazards be identified and clicked on for the trainee to receive the educational component of the training system. This article evaluated the ability of 49 HHWs to find hazards in each of the three categories. In all modules, participants found the most salient hazards (e.g., clutter on stairs, unattended candles, biohazard stains) but struggled to find some of the less salient hazards. Several less salient hazards included the pet food bowls in the path of travel, the frayed electrical cord, oxygen tube leaking into a mattress, hot water that was too hot, and elevated room temperatures. Overall, this analysis found that most of the hazards within the training modules could be found by naive HH-VSTS users. These data suggest the need for including hints that guide users toward hazards with which they are less familiar.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a virtual simulation training system to improve home healthcare workers' ability to detect safety hazards in the home environment. It does not target older people, nor is it focused on exergames for fall prevention. The study also does not involve a randomized controlled trial related to preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Laverdiere, C., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Effect of Teaching Session on Resident Ability to Identify Anatomic Landmarks and Anterior Cruciate Ligament Footprint: A Study Using 3-Dimensional Modeling.
[Journal]  ORTHOPAEDIC JOURNAL OF SPORTS MEDICINE 8(3).
[Abstract] Background:Femoral tunnel positioning in anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction (ACLR) is an intricate procedure that requires highly specific surgical skills.Purpose:To report the ability of residents to identify femoral landmarks and the native ACL footprint before and after a structured formal teaching session as a reflection of overall surgical skill training for orthopaedic surgery residents in Canada.Study Design:Controlled laboratory study.Methods:A total of 13 senior orthopaedic residents were asked to identify a femoral landmark and an ACL footprint on ten 3-dimensional (3D)-printed knee models before and after a teaching session during the fall of 2018. The 3D models were made based on actual patients with different anatomic morphologic features. ImageJ software was used to quantify the measurements, which were then analyzed through use of descriptive statistics.Results:Before and after the teaching session, residents attempted to identify a specific anatomic location (bifurcate and intercondylar ridge intersection) with a mean error per participant ranging from 5.00 to 10.95 mm and 4.79 to 12.13 mm in magnitude, respectively. Furthermore, before and after the teaching session, residents identified the specific position to perform the surgical procedure (ACL femoral footprint), with a mean error per participant ranging from 4.58 to 8.80 mm and 3.87 to 11.07 mm in magnitude, respectively. The teaching session resulted in no significant improvement in identification of either the intersection of the bifurcate and intercondylar ridges (P = .9343 in the proximal-distal axis and P = .8133 in the anteroposterior axis) or the center of the femoral footprint (P = .7761 in the proximal-distal axis and P = .9742 in the anteroposterior axis).Conclusion:Although a formal teaching session was combined with a hands-on session that entailed real surgical instrumentation and fresh cadaveric specimens, the intervention seemed to have no direct impact on senior residents' performance or their ability to demonstrate the material taught. This puts into question the format and efficacy of present teaching methods. Also, it is possible that the 3D spatial perception required to perform these skills is not something that can be taught effectively through a teaching session or at all. Further investigation is required regarding the effectiveness and application of surgical skill laboratories and simulations on the competencies of orthopaedic residents.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the ability of orthopaedic residents to identify anatomic landmarks and the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) footprint using 3-dimensional modeling, and it does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Lawler, J. (2022). 
[Title]    The Historical Environment as Aged Icon in the Gamed West.
[Journal]  COMPARATIVE AMERICAN STUDIES 19(4): 376-397.
[Abstract] As far back as Theodore Roosevelt or Owen Wister and his novel of western grit and masculinity, The Virginian, the American West has been charged with an evocative sense: as virtue, as place, as image.In this paper, I argue that the image, as place and virtue, is exhibited in video games through a built environment that contains the ideas and meaning of the 'Old West' and the imagined past, in what I refer to as aged icons. The nostalgia of the American West has been built into the American psyche and is represented in film, T.V., novels, toys, amusement parks, and generalised game play. While digital games are a relative newcomer and their imagery is derivative, their immersive nature allows players the opportunity to explore and live within a world that revels in its own disintegration. The built environment and its contents in the digital play space are shown as having aged themselves - they are falling apart, dilapidated, or contain the death and destruction of a lost era. The aged icon references the buildings and objects within those structures as reinforcing and authenticating a distant and figural past that comports with a broader cultural memory of the 'Old West.'
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the representation of the American West in video games, focusing on how the imagery and environment within these games reflect a nostalgic view of the past. It does not discuss the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, nor does it mention any intervention targeting older people or any randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Lazar, A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Automatic assessment of performance in the FLS trainer using computer vision.
[Journal]  SURGICAL ENDOSCOPY AND OTHER INTERVENTIONAL TECHNIQUES 37(8): 6476-6482.
[Abstract] BackgroundFundamentals of Laparoscopic Surgery (FLS) box trainer is a well-accepted method for training and evaluating laparoscopic skills. It mandates an observer that will measure and evaluate the trainee's performance. Measuring performance in the Peg Transfer task includes time and penalty for dropping pegs. This study aimed to assess whether computer vision (CV) may be used to automatically measure performance in the FLS box trainer.MethodsFour groups of metrics were defined and measured automatically using CV. Validity was assessed by dividing participants to 3 groups of experience levels. Twenty-seven participants were recorded performing the Peg Transfer task 2-4 times, amounting to 72 videos. Frames were sampled from the videos and labeled to create an image dataset. Using these images, we trained a deep neural network (YOLOv4) to detect the different objects in the video. We developed an evaluation system that tracks the transfer of the triangles and produces a feedback report with the metrics being the main criteria. The metric groups were Time, Grasper Movement Speed, Path Efficiency, and Grasper Coordination. The performance was compared based on their last video (3 participants were excluded due to technical issues).ResultsThe ANOVA tests show that for all metrics except one, the variance in performance can be explained by the experience level of participants. Senior surgeons and residents significantly outperform students and interns on almost every metric. Senior surgeons usually outperform residents, but the gap is not always significant.ConclusionThe statistical analysis shows that the metrics can differentiate between the experts and novices performing the task in several aspects. Thus, they may provide a more detailed performance analysis than is currently used. Moreover, these metrics calculation is automatic and relies solely on the video camera of the FLS trainer. As a result, they allow independent training and assessment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using computer vision to automatically assess performance in the Fundamentals of Laparoscopic Surgery (FLS) trainer. It does not target older people, and the intervention is not an exergame. The study focuses on surgical training and evaluation, which is unrelated to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Le May, S., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Decreasing Pain and Fear in Medical Procedures with a Pediatric Population (DREAM): A Pilot Randomized Within-Subject Trial.
[Journal]  PAIN MANAGEMENT NURSING 22(2): 191-197.
[Abstract] Background: Many children with injuries, including burns and fractures, experience moderate to severe pain during medical procedures. Recent studies claim that nonpharmacologic pain management using virtual reality (VR) could distract children from procedural pain by engaging multiple senses.Aims: The aims of this pilot randomized clinical trial were to assess the acceptability and feasibility of VR distraction in children with burns or fractures undergoing painful medical procedures, as well as the staff nurses, and assess the preliminary efficacy of VR distraction on pain intensity, pain-related fear, and subsequent recall of both.Materials and Method: A within-subject study design, in which participants served as their own control, was used. A total of 20 children from 7 to 17 years old with an injury were recruited at the surgical-trauma outpatient clinics of the Centre hospitalier universitaire Sainte-Justine (CHU Sainte-Justine). Each participant received both standard and experimental treatments through randomized order. Pain (numerical rating scale) and pain-related fear (Children's Fear Scale) measures were taken before the procedure and after each sequence, followed by a measure of children's (graphic rating scale) and nurses' acceptability of the intervention through their satisfaction level. Recall of pain intensity and pain-related fear were assessed 24 hours after the procedure. Wilcoxon signed-rank tests were used, with a significance level at 0.05.Results: Results showed that VR distraction was an acceptable and feasible intervention for children and nurses of these outpatient clinics. Preliminary effects showed that, compared to standard of care, children participants reported a significant decrease in pain intensity (p = .023) and pain-related fear (p = .011) during VR as well as less recalled pain-related fear (p = .012) at 24 hours after the procedure. No side effects were reported.Conclusion: VR is a promising intervention with children undergoing painful procedures because it is immersive and engages multiple senses. It is a low-cost intervention well accepted by children and nursing staff at this clinical site and is easy to implement in daily practice for procedural pain management. (C) 2020 American Society for Pain Management Nursing. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using virtual reality (VR) as a distraction method to reduce pain and fear during medical procedures in children, not in older people. Additionally, the intervention is not an exergame but rather a VR distraction technique for pain management.

[Author]   Le, R. K., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    On-field Characteristics and Head Impact Magnitude in Youth Tackle Football.
[Journal]  PEDIATRIC NEUROLOGY 121: 33-39.
[Abstract] Background: This study determined the effect of video-verified collision characteristics on head impact magnitudes in male youth tackle football.Methods: Participants (n = 23, age = 10.9 +/- 0.3 years, height = 150.0 +/- 8.3 cm, mass = 41.6 +/- 8.4 kg) wore Triax Sim-G sensors throughout the fall 2019 season. Ten filmed games were used to identify nine different collision characteristics: mechanism, preparedness, head direction, struck versus striking activity, stance, play type, closing distance, penalty, and quarter. Random-effects general linear models and Cohen d effect sizes were used to examine differences in log-transformed peak linear (PLA; g) and rotational (PRA; rad/s(2)) accelerations across characteristics. The 10 games produced 533 total video-verified impacts and 23.2 +/- 7.2 impacts per athlete.Results: PLA (P range: 0.107 to 0.923) and PRA (P range: 0.057 to 0.768) did not differ across characteristics. Struck players (3370 rads/s(2), 95% confidence interval [CI] = 2986 to 3808) had a small effect for higher PRA compared with striking players (3037 rads/s(2), 95% CI = 2713 to 3404, d = 0.251), but negligible effect for simultaneous struck-striking players (3340 rad/s(2), 95% CI = 2945 to 3792, d = 0.018). Fourth quarter impacts (3490 rads/s(2), 95% CI = 3083 to 3951) had a small effect for higher PRA compared with first (2945 rads/s(2), 95% CI = 2596 to 3337, d = 0.404), second (3196 rads/s(2), 95% CI = 2832 to 3604, d = 0.219), and third quarters (3241 rads/s(2), 95% CI = 2841 to 3699, d = 0.144).Conclusion: Youth tackle football characteristics did not significantly affect head impact magnitudes during games. More research is needed to explore additional factors that could be modified for sport safety rather than mitigating impact mechanism. (C) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effect of collision characteristics on head impact magnitudes in youth tackle football. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are young male athletes, and the study focuses on head impacts during football games, not on exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Le, R. K., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Quantifying head impact biomechanical differences between commonly employed cleaning levels: a critical research interpretation consideration.
[Journal]  BRAIN INJURY 37(10): 1173-1178.
[Abstract] IntroductionWearable accelerometry devices quantify on-field frequency and severity of head impacts to further improve sport safety. Commonly employed post-data collection cleaning techniques may affect these outcomes.ObjectiveOur purpose was to compare game impact rates and magnitudes between three different cleaning levels (Level-1: impacts recorded within start and end times, Level-2: impacts during pauses/breaks removed, Level-3: video verified) for male youth tackle football.MethodsParticipants (n = 23, age = 10.9 +/- 0.3 yrs, height = 150.0 +/- 8.3 cm, mass = 41.6 +/- 8.4 kg) wore Triax SIM-G sensors throughout Fall 2019. Impact rates, ratios (IRRs), and 95% confidence intervals (95%CI) were used to compare levels. Random-effects general linear models were used to compare peak linear acceleration (PLA;g) and angular velocity (PAV;rads/s).ResultsLevel-1 resulted in higher impact rates (4.57; 95%CI = 4.14-5.05) compared to Level-2 (3.09; 95%CI = 2.80-3.42; IRR = 1.48; 95%CI = 1.34-1.63) and Level-3 datasets (2.56; 95%CI = 2.30-2.85; IRR = 1.78; 95%CI = 1.60-1.98). Level-2 had higher impact rates compared to Level-3 (1.21; 95%CI = 1.08-1.35). Level-1 resulted in higher PAV than Level-2 and Level-3 (p < 0.001) datasets. PLA did not differ across datasets (p = 0.296).ConclusionsHead impact data should be filtered of pauses/breaks, and does not substantially differ outcome estimates compared to time-intensive video verification.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about quantifying head impact biomechanical differences in youth football players using different data cleaning techniques. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Leach, J. M., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Validating and Calibrating the Nintendo Wii Balance Board to Derive Reliable Center of Pressure Measures.
[Journal]  SENSORS 14(10): 18244-18267.
[Abstract] The Nintendo Wii balance board (WBB) has generated significant interest in its application as a postural control measurement device in both the clinical and (basic, clinical, and rehabilitation) research domains. Although the WBB has been proposed as an alternative to the "gold standard" laboratory-grade force plate, additional research is necessary before the WBB can be considered a valid and reliable center of pressure (CoP) measurement device. In this study, we used the WBB and a laboratory-grade AMTI force plate (AFP) to simultaneously measure the CoP displacement of a controlled dynamic load, which has not been done before. A one-dimensional inverted pendulum was displaced at several different displacement angles and load heights to simulate a variety of postural sway amplitudes and frequencies (<1 Hz). Twelve WBBs were tested to address the issue of inter-device variability. There was a significant effect of sway amplitude, frequency, and direction on the WBB's CoP measurement error, with an increase in error as both sway amplitude and frequency increased and a significantly greater error in the mediolateral (ML) (compared to the anteroposterior (AP)) sway direction. There was no difference in error across the 12 WBB's, supporting low inter-device variability. A linear calibration procedure was then implemented to correct the WBB's CoP signals and reduce measurement error. There was a significant effect of calibration on the WBB's CoP signal accuracy, with a significant reduction in CoP measurement error (quantified by root-mean-squared error) from 2-6 mm (before calibration) to 0.5-2 mm (after calibration). WBB-based CoP signal calibration also significantly reduced the percent error in derived (time-domain) CoP sway measures, from -10.5% (before calibration) to -0.05% (after calibration) (percent errors averaged across all sway measures and in both sway directions). In this study, we characterized the WBB's CoP measurement error under controlled, dynamic conditions and implemented a linear calibration procedure for WBB CoP signals that is recommended to reduce CoP measurement error and provide more reliable estimates of time-domain CoP measures. Despite our promising results, additional work is necessary to understand how our findings translate to the clinical and rehabilitation research domains. Once the WBB's CoP measurement error is fully characterized in human postural sway (which differs from our simulated postural sway in both amplitude and frequency content), it may be used to measure CoP displacement in situations where lower accuracy and precision is acceptable.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on validating and calibrating the Nintendo Wii Balance Board to measure center of pressure (CoP) accurately. It does not specifically address the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. The study involves a controlled dynamic load and aims to improve the reliability of the WBB as a measurement tool, rather than testing it as part of an exergame intervention for fall prevention.

[Author]   Leal, J. C., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Exergames in Older Adult Community Centers and Nursing Homes to Improve Balance and Minimize the Risk of Falls in Older Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
[Journal]  HEALTHCARE 11(13).
[Abstract] There is a substantial gap in our knowledge regarding the efficacy of exergames on the reduction of fall risk in older adults. This systematic review analyzes the findings of clinical trials describing the efficacy of exergames to improve balance or reduce the risk of falls in individuals above 60 years of age who are residents in community centers or nursing homes. We searched Google Scholar, PubMed, and Embase up to January 2023. Initially, 52,294 records were screened. After applying the inclusion and exclusion criteria, 20 studies were included in this systematic review. Meta-analyses revealed statistically significant reductions in the risk of falls and improvements in balance. Exergaming tended to produce positive benefits according to the results obtained using different instruments (TUG, PPA, BBS, and others), control groups, and times of intervention. Nevertheless, a substantial proportion of studies exhibited a high risk of bias and only one had a long follow-up period. Although a large body of evidence supports the view that exergaming is suitable for reducing fall risk and improving balance in older adults, some gaps remain in our knowledge about such benefits.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Leathwick, D. M., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    A model for the dynamics of the parasitic stages of equine cyathostomins.
[Journal]  VETERINARY PARASITOLOGY 268: 53-60.
[Abstract] A model was developed to reproduce the dynamics of the parasitic stages of equine cyathostomins. Based on a detailed review of published literature, a deterministic simulation model was constructed using the escalator boxcar-train approach, which allows for fully-overlapping cohorts of worms and approximately normally distributed variations in age/size classes. Key biological features include a declining establishment of ingested infective stage larvae as horses age. Development rates are constant for all the parasitic stages except the encysted early third stage larvae, for which development rates are variable to reflect the sometimes extended arrestment of this stage. For these, development is slowed in the presence of adult worms in the intestinal lumen, and when ingestion of infective larvae on herbage is high or extended. In the absence of anthelmintic treatments, the life span of adult worms is approximately 12 months, and the presence of an established adult worm burden largely blocks the transition of luminal fourth stage larvae to the adult stage, resulting in mortality of the larvae. This inhibition is removed by effective anthelmintic treatment allowing the rapid replacement of adult worms from the pool of mucosal stages.Within the model, the rate and seasonality at which infective stage larvae are ingested strongly influences the dynamics of the pre-adult stages. While the adult worm burden remains relatively stable within a year, due to the negative feedback they have on developing stages, the numbers and proportions of larval stages relative to the total worm burden increase with the numbers of infective larvae ingested. Further, within the model, the seasonal rise and fall of encysted stages is largely driven by the seasonal pattern of infective larvae on pasture. Because of this, the model reproduces the contrasting seasonal patterns of mucosal larvae, typical of temperate and tropical environments, using only the appropriate seasonality of larvae on pasture. Thus, the model reproduces output typical of different climatic regions and suggests that observed patterns of arrested development may simply reflect the numbers and seasonality of free-living stages on pasture as determined by different management practices and weather patterns.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about modeling the dynamics of parasitic stages of equine cyathostomins and does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ledesma, S., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Artificial Intelligence to Analyze the Cortical Thickness Through Age.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE 4.
[Abstract] In this study, Artificial Intelligence was used to analyze a dataset containing the cortical thickness from 1,100 healthy individuals. This dataset had the cortical thickness from 31 regions in the left hemisphere of the brain as well as from 31 regions in the right hemisphere. Then, 62 artificial neural networks were trained and validated to estimate the number of neurons in the hidden layer. These neural networks were used to create a model for the cortical thickness through age for each region in the brain. Using the artificial neural networks and kernels with seven points, numerical differentiation was used to compute the derivative of the cortical thickness with respect to age. The derivative was computed to estimate the cortical thickness speed. Finally, color bands were created for each region in the brain to identify a positive derivative, that is, a part of life with an increase in cortical thickness. Likewise, the color bands were used to identify a negative derivative, that is, a lifetime period with a cortical thickness reduction. Regions of the brain with similar derivatives were organized and displayed in clusters. Computer simulations showed that some regions exhibit abrupt changes in cortical thickness at specific periods of life. The simulations also illustrated that some regions in the left hemisphere do not follow the pattern of the same region in the right hemisphere. Finally, it was concluded that each region in the brain must be dynamically modeled. One advantage of using artificial neural networks is that they can learn and model non-linear and complex relationships. Also, artificial neural networks are immune to noise in the samples and can handle unseen data. That is, the models based on artificial neural networks can predict the behavior of samples that were not used for training. Furthermore, several studies have shown that artificial neural networks are capable of deriving information from imprecise data. Because of these advantages, the results obtained in this study by the artificial neural networks provide valuable information to analyze and model the cortical thickness.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using artificial intelligence, specifically artificial neural networks, to analyze cortical thickness through age. It does not mention any intervention involving exergames or any focus on fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Ledford, C. K., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Immersive Virtual Reality Used as Adjunct Anesthesia for Conversion Total Hip Arthroplasty in a 100-Year-Old Patient.
[Journal]  ARTHROPLASTY TODAY 10: 149-153.
[Abstract] Immersive virtual reality (IVR) is an adjunctive form of anesthesia intended to distract patients from their intraoperative environment and reduce other side effects of sedating or narcotic agents. While this technology has been applied sparingly in various orthopedic procedural environments, its clinical utility has not been widely evaluated in major, nonelective surgical settings. The use of IVR in the geriatric hip fracture population represents a novel indication with potential benefit to reduced cognitive dysfunction and delirium. We report a case of a 100-year-old patient who received IVR adjunctive to neuraxial anesthesia during conversion total hip arthroplasty via posterolateral approach for treatment of failed peritrochanteric hip fracture fixation. (c) 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of The American Association of Hip and Knee Surgeons. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/ licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of immersive virtual reality (IVR) as an adjunct anesthesia for a 100-year-old patient undergoing total hip arthroplasty. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as it focuses on pain management and distraction during surgery rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the study is a case report, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Lee, D. R., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Don't Fall for That: A Residency Curricular Innovation about Fall Prevention.
[Journal]  The Permanente journal 24.
[Abstract] INTRODUCTION: Amid a growing geriatric population and rise in frailty-related morbidity, fall prevention represents an opportunity to improve patient outcomes and reduce health care costs. Traditional lectures on geriatric content have had limited impact on physician behaviors; however, use of multimodal teaching can be more effective in building knowledge and skills.OBJECTIVE: To develop a novel, engaging fall prevention program to empower internal medicine residents to identify and manage patients at risk of falls and fall-related injuries.METHODS: Two 20-minute multimodal workshops were created: 1) a classroom session with a video depicting a fall scenario, a team exercise ("Where's the Fall Risk?") and review of the American Geriatrics Society Beers Criteria; and 2) a small-group session reviewing a screening algorithm, case study, physical examination maneuvers, and patient resources.INNOVATION: The first workshop included a 5-minute Kaiser Permanente video depicting an older couple whose travel plans are upended by a fall and how they modify their home and lifestyle, a competitive game in which trainees identify fall hazards, an overview of Beers Criteria, and Medical Knowledge Self-Assessment Program questions to apply knowledge to practice. The second workshop, held in small groups before clinic, included a discussion of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's fall prevention screening algorithm, review of a case, and education on how to properly perform the Timed Up and Go test.CONCLUSION: Fall prevention remains an important yet undertaught topic for trainees and practicing physicians. These brief multicomponent workshops can be easily implemented and adapted for all clinical learners.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a residency curricular innovation aimed at teaching internal medicine residents about fall prevention. While the intervention targets older people and is related to fall prevention, it does not involve exergames. Instead, it uses multimodal teaching methods such as videos, team exercises, and small-group sessions. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Lee, H. S., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Review of K-12 Metaverse Safety Education in Korea :Ministry of Education Official Program.
[Journal]  The International Journal of Advanced Culture Technology 11(2): 44-48.
[Abstract] To enhance safety in dangerous situations, it is essential to provide practice-oriented safety education. However, direct experiences can be limited, and thus, metaverse-based safety education is emerging as an alternative. In this study, we analyzed the first official metaverse safety education program of the Korea Ministry of Education, mainly focusing on its title, objectives, content, and results using the Revised PRISMA framework.The program concentrates on "life safety" for "fire safety," "disaster safety" for "earthquake safety," and "first aid" for "abrasions, burns, fractures, cardiopulmonary resuscitation, and the use of AED." We classified the objectives of the entire program and its three sub-programs, and identified the knowledge, main practice tasks, and their results.The aim of this study is to promote an understanding of the main cases of national-led metaverse safety education and infer the practical safety education contents emphasized to Korean school-age students.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a review of a metaverse-based safety education program for K-12 students in Korea, focusing on fire safety, disaster safety, and first aid. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Lee, H.-S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Self-other boundary under social threat in schizophrenia.
[Journal]  SCHIZOPHRENIA RESEARCH 274: 182-188.
[Abstract] Spatial representation of the self plays a vital role constructing our sense of bodily self-boundary that distinguishes the self from others. This perceptual border, known as the peripersonal space (PPS), has been suggested to be altered in individuals with schizophrenia (SZ). PPS represents a protective defensive zone that triggers alarm signals upon threat detection; thus disrupted PPS could lead to social interactional difficulties. However, very little is known about the impact of threat on PPS. To address this gap, a visual-tactile response-time (RT) experiment was conducted in immersive virtual reality (VR) for SZ and matched controls (CO). Participants were asked to detect a tactile vibration on their hand while an avatar (either threatening or neutral) approached them. Avatars were presented at different distance from the participants. PPS size and slope were estimated by identifying significant RT drop at the hypothesized self-other boundary. We also examined the relationship between PPS parameters, clinical symptoms and social disconnection. There was no overall group difference in PPS size. Perceived social threat posed in the avatars sharpened the self-boundary in CO but not in SZ. In SZ, shallower PPS slope was associated with delusion, persecution, negative symptoms and loneliness but not in CO. These results show that the regulation of self-other boundary in response to impending social threat may be maladaptive in SZ. Further research is needed on the causal mechanisms between self-disturbance and social impairments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the spatial representation of self and the impact of social threat on peripersonal space (PPS) in individuals with schizophrenia, using a visual-tactile response-time experiment in virtual reality. It does not meet the criteria for targeting older people, using exergames as an intervention, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Lee, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effects of immersive virtual reality training on balance, gait and mobility in older adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 110: 129-137.
[Abstract] Objective: To examine whether immersive virtual reality (VR) can improve balance, gait, mobility and fear of falling in older people. Data sources: MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, PsycINFO, ProQuest Central (Engineering and Computer Science) and reference lists of included articles. Study selection: Randomised controlled trials that administered immersive VR training and assessed balance, gait and mobility outcomes in older adults without neurological disorders (mean age >= 65). Primary outcomes were standing balance (e.g. postural sway), multi-item balance scales (e.g. Berg Balance Scale), gait (e.g. gait speed) and mobility (e.g. Timed Up and Go test). Secondary outcomes comprised measures of enjoyment, fear of falling, adherence (e.g. dropout rate), feasibility/usability and adverse effects (e.g. motion sickness). Results: Meta-analyses showed that immersive VR training significantly improved standing balance (SMD: 0.51, 95% CI: .15, 0.86, p = 0.005, I2 = 28% - 3 studies, n = 79) and performance on the Berg Balance Scale (MD: 2.36, 95% CI: 1.17, 3.56, p=0.0001, I2=0% - 4 studies, n = 190). No significant improvement in gait, mobility or fear of falling was found. Subgroup analyses revealed higher training doses (>= 4.5 total hours) and VR interventions using non-head mounted displays were more likely to improve standing balance. No meta-analyses were conducted for enjoyment, adherence, feasibility/usability and adverse events. Conclusions: The findings indicate immersive VR has beneficial effects on balance, but not gait, mobility or fear of falling. Further research is required to examine these outcomes in trials that also include quantitative measurements of enjoyment, adherence, clinical feasibility, usability and adverse effects.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which means it does not include original data from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it synthesizes the results from multiple studies. According to the criteria provided, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Lee, J., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Reliability and feasibility of gait initiation centre-of-pressure excursions using a Wii<SUP>®</SUP> Balance Board in older adults at risk of falling.
[Journal]  AGING CLINICAL AND EXPERIMENTAL RESEARCH 31(2): 257-263.
[Abstract] BackgroundImpairments in dynamic balance have a detrimental effect in older adults at risk of falls (OARF). Gait initiation (GI) is a challenging transitional movement. Centre of pressure (COP) excursions using force plates have been used to measure GI performance. The Nintendo Wii Balance Board (WBB) offers an alternative to a standard force plate for the measurement of CoP excursion.AimsTo determine the reliability of COP excursions using the WBB, and its feasibility within a 4-week strength and balance intervention (SBI) treating OARF.MethodsTen OARF subjects attending SBI and ten young healthy adults, each performed three GI trials after 10s of quiet stance from a standardised foot position (shoulder width) before walking forward 3m to pick up an object. Averaged COP mediolateral (ML) and anteroposterior (AP) excursions (distance) and path-length time (GI-onset to first toe-off) were analysed.ResultsWBB ML (0.866) and AP COP excursion (0.895) reliability (ICC3,1) was excellent, and COP path-length reliability was fair (0.517). Compared to OARF, healthy subjects presented with larger COP excursion in both directions and shorter COP path length. OARF subjects meaningfully improved their timed-up-and-go and ML COP excursion between weeks 1-4, while AP COP excursions, path length, and confidence-in-balance remained stable.DiscussionCOP path length and excursion directions probably measure different GI postural control attributes. Limitations in WBB accuracy and precision in transition tasks needs to be established before it can be used clinically to measure postural aspects of GI viably.ConclusionsThe WBB could provide valuable clinical evaluation of balance function in OARF.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the reliability and feasibility of using a Wii Balance Board to measure center-of-pressure (COP) excursions during gait initiation in older adults at risk of falling. While it involves older adults and uses a device that could be part of an exergame, the study does not focus on using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. Instead, it evaluates the use of the Wii Balance Board as a measurement tool within a strength and balance intervention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Lee, K., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effects of community-based fall prevention interventions for older adults using information and communication technology: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  HEALTH INFORMATICS JOURNAL 30(2).
[Abstract] Objectives: This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to investigate the effect of fall prevention interventions using information and communication technology (ICT). Methods: A comprehensive search across four databases was performed. The inclusion criteria were fall prevention interventions including telehealth, computerized balance training, exergaming, mobile application education, virtual reality exercise, and cognitive-behavioral training for community-dwelling adults aged >= 60 years. Results: Thirty-four studies were selected. Telehealth, smart home systems, and exergames reduced the risk of falls (RR = 0.63, 95% CI [0.54, 0.75]). Telehealth and exergame improved balance (MD = 3.30, 95% CI [1.91, 4.68]; MD = 4.40, 95% CI [3.09, 5.71]). Telehealth improved physical function (SMD = 0.69, 95% CI [0.23, 1.16]). Overall, ICT fall interventions improved fall efficacy but not cognitive function. For quality of life (QOL), mixed results were found depending on the assessment tools. Conclusion: Future investigations on telehealth, smart home systems, or exergames are needed to motivate older adults to exercise and prevent falls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which means it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. According to the criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Lee, Y.-H., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Virtual reality exercise programs ameliorate frailty and fall risks in older adults: A meta-analysis.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN GERIATRICS SOCIETY 71(9): 2946-2955.
[Abstract] BackgroundVirtual reality (VR) technology constitutes a promising rehabilitation strategy, but its effect on frailty in older adults remains inconclusive. This study examined the effects of interactive VR training programs on lower-limb muscle strength, walking speed, balance, and fall risks in older adults with frailty. MethodsVarious electronic databases comprising PubMed, the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature, the Cochrane Library, Embase, the Chinese Electronic Periodical Service, the Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure, and gray literature were searched from their inception through December 31, 2022 for relevant studies. Randomized controlled trials that examined the effects of interactive VR training programs on lower-limb muscle strength, balance, walking speed, and fall risks as measured by validated scales or methods. in older adults aged 65 years and older with frailty were included. A random-effects model was employed to examine the overall effect size, and the trim-and-fill method was adopted to examine publication bias. ResultsFor those studies that defined frailty using fall risks, substantial evidence demonstrated that interactive VR training interventions increased lower-limb muscle strength (Hedges' g = 0.35, p = 0.015), walking speed (Hedges' g = 0.29, p = 0.003), balance (Hedges' g = 0.62, p = 0.011), and fall risks (Hedges' g = -0.61, p < 0.001). Studies that defined frailty in accordance with the Fried frailty phenotype criteria indicated that interactive VR training interventions only increased walking speed (Hedges' g = 0.28, p = 0.023) and balance (Hedges' g = 0.27, p = 0.049). ConclusionsInteractive VR training programs may benefit older adults with frailty with respect to walking speed and balance. More studies with good study quality are required to validate the effects of interactive VR exercise training on these frailty-related parameters in older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report original data from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it synthesizes results from multiple studies.

[Author]   Leeder, T., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Optic flow improves step width and length in older adults while performing dual task.
[Journal]  AGING CLINICAL AND EXPERIMENTAL RESEARCH 31(8): 1077-1086.
[Abstract] BackgroundDual-task paradigms are used to investigate gait and cognitive declines in older adults (OA). Optic-flow is a virtual reality environment where the scene flows past the subject while walking on a treadmill, mimicking real-life locomotion.AimsTo investigate cost of environment (no optic-flow v. optic-flow) while completing single- and dual-task walking and dual-task costs (DTC; single- v. dual-task) in optic-flow and no optic-flow environments.MethodsTwenty OA and seven younger adults (YA) walked on a self-paced treadmill in 3-min segments per task and both environments. Five task conditions included: no task, semantic fluency (category), phonemic fluency (letters), word reading, and serial-subtraction.ResultsOAs had a benefit of optic-flow compared to no optic-flow for step width (p=0.015) and step length (p=0.045) during letters compared to the YA. During letters, OA experienced improvement in step width DTC; whereas YA had a decrement in step width DTC from no optic-flow to optic-flow (p=0.038). During serial-subtraction, OA had less step width DTC when compared to YA in both environments (p=0.02).DiscussionDuring letters, step width and step length improved in OA while walking in optic-flow. Also, step width DTC differed between the two groups. Sensory information from optic-flow appears to benefit OA. Letters relies more on verbal ability and word knowledge, which are preserved in aging. However, YA use a complex speech style during dual tasking, searching for complex words and an increased speed of speech.ConclusionsOA can benefit from optic-flow by improving spatial gait parameters, specifically, step width, during dual-task walking.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older adults and a virtual reality environment (optic flow), the primary aim is to investigate the effects of optic flow on gait parameters during dual-task walking, rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the study is not described as a randomized controlled trial, and the results are not reported in the context of preventing falls.

[Author]   Lehmann, O., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Fracture risk prediction in postmenopausal women with traditional and machine learning models in a nationwide, prospective cohort study in Switzerland with validation in the UK Biobank.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BONE AND MINERAL RESEARCH 39(8): 1103-1112.
[Abstract] Fracture prediction is essential in managing patients with osteoporosis and is an integral component of many fracture prevention guidelines. We aimed to identify the most relevant clinical fracture risk factors in contemporary populations by training and validating short- and long-term fracture risk prediction models in 2 cohorts. We used traditional and machine learning survival models to predict risks of vertebral, hip, and any fractures on the basis of clinical risk factors, T-scores, and treatment history among participants in a nationwide Swiss Osteoporosis Registry (N = 5944 postmenopausal women, median follow-up of 4.1 yr between January 2015 and October 2022; a total of 1190 fractures during follow-up). The independent validation cohort comprised 5474 postmenopausal women from the UK Biobank with 290 incident fractures during follow-up. Uno's C-index and the time-dependent area under the receiver operating characteristics curve were calculated to evaluate the performance of different machine learning models (Random survival forest and eXtreme Gradient Boosting). In the independent validation set, the C-index was 0.74 [0.58, 0.86] for vertebral fractures, 0.83 [0.7, 0.94] for hip fractures, and 0.63 [0.58, 0.69] for any fractures at year 2, and these values further increased for longer estimations of up to 7 yr. In comparison, the 10-yr fracture probability calculated with FRAX Switzerland was 0.60 [0.55, 0.64] for major osteoporotic fractures and 0.62 [0.49, 0.74] for hip fractures. The most important variables identified with Shapley additive explanations values were age, T-scores, and prior fractures, while number of falls was an important predictor of hip fractures. Performances of both traditional and machine learning models showed similar C-indices. We conclude that fracture risk can be improved by including the lumbar spine T-score, trabecular bone score, numbers of falls and recent fractures, and treatment information has a significant impact on fracture prediction.Fracture prediction is essential in managing patients with osteoporosis. We developed and validated traditional and machine learning models to predict short- and long-term fracture risk and identify the most relevant clinical fracture risk factors for vertebral, hip, and any fractures in contemporary populations. We used data from 5944 postmenopausal women in a Swiss Osteoporosis Registry and validated our findings with 5474 women from the UK Biobank. Our machine learning models performed well, with C-index values of 0.74 for vertebral fractures, 0.83 for hip fractures, and 0.63 for any fractures at year 2, and these values further increased for longer estimations of up to 7 years. In contrast, FRAX Switzerland had lower C-index values (0.60 for major fractures and 0.62 for hip fracture probabilities over 10 years). Key predictors identified included age, T-scores, prior fractures, and number of falls. We conclude that incorporating a broader range of clinical factors, as well as lumbar spine T-scores, fall history, recent fractures, and treatment information, can improve fracture risk assessments in osteoporosis management. Both traditional and machine learning models showed similar effectiveness in predicting fractures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about fracture risk prediction in postmenopausal women using traditional and machine learning models. It does not involve the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on developing and validating models for predicting fractures based on clinical risk factors, T-scores, and treatment history.

[Author]   Lei, P.-f., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Mixed Reality Combined with Three-Dimensional Printing Technology in Total Hip Arthroplasty: An Updated Review with a Preliminary Case Presentation.
[Journal]  ORTHOPAEDIC SURGERY 11(5): 914-920.
[Abstract] Three-dimensional (3D) printing technology, virtual reality, and augmented reality technology have been used to help surgeons to complete complex total hip arthroplasty, while their respective shortcomings limit their further application. With the development of technology, mixed reality (MR) technology has been applied to improve the success rate of complicated hip arthroplasty because of its unique advantages. We presented a case of a 59-year-old man with an intertrochanteric fracture in the left femur, who had received a prior left hip fusion. After admission to our hospital, a left total hip arthroplasty was performed on the patient using a combination of MR technology and 3D printing technology. Before surgery, 3D reconstruction of a certain bony landmark exposed in the surgical area was first performed. Then a veneer part was designed according to the bony landmark and connected to a reference registration landmark outside the body through a connecting rod. After that, the series of parts were made into a holistic reference registration instrument using 3D printing technology, and the patient's data for bone and surrounding tissue, along with digital 3D information of the reference registration instrument, were imported into the head-mounted display (HMD). During the operation, the disinfected reference registration instrument was installed on the selected bony landmark, and then the automatic real-time registration was realized by HMD through recognizing the registration landmark on the reference registration instrument, whereby the patient's virtual bone and other anatomical structures were quickly and accurately superimposed on the real body of the patient. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report to use MR combined with 3D printing technology in total hip arthroplasty.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of mixed reality (MR) and 3D printing technology in total hip arthroplasty. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is aimed at improving surgical outcomes, and the target population is a specific patient with a hip fracture, not older people in general. Additionally, the paper is a review with a case presentation, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Leite, S., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Physiological Arousal Quantifying Perception of Safe and Unsafe Virtual Environments by Older and Younger Adults.
[Journal]  SENSORS 19(11).
[Abstract] Physiological arousal has been increasingly applied to monitor exploration (or navigation) of a virtual environment (VE), especially when the VE is designed to evoke an anxiety-related response. The present work aims to evaluate human physiological reactions to safe and unsafe VEs. We compared the effect of the presence of handrails in the VE in two different samples, young and older adults, through self-reports and physiological data: Electrodermal activation (EDA) and electrocardiogram (ECG) sensors. After navigation, self-report questionnaires were administered. We found that the VEs evoked a clearly differentiated perception of safety and unsafety demonstrated through self-reports, with older adults being more discriminative in their responses and reporting a higher sense of presence. In terms of physiological data, the effect of handrails did not provoke significant differences in arousal. Safety was better operationalized by discriminating neutral/non-neutral spaces, where the reaction of older adults was more pronounced than young adults. Results serve as a basis for orienting future experiments in the line of VE and applied physiology usage in the architectural spaces design process. This specific work also provided a basis for the development of applications that integrate virtual reality and applied biofeedback, tapping into mobility and ageing.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it involves older adults and a virtual environment, the focus is on physiological arousal and the perception of safety in virtual environments, rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at fall prevention.

[Author]   Lelard, T. and S. Ahmaidi (2015). 
[Title]    Effects of physical training on age-related balance and postural control.
[Journal]  NEUROPHYSIOLOGIE CLINIQUE-CLINICAL NEUROPHYSIOLOGY 45(4-5): 357-369.
[Abstract] In this paper, we review the effects of physical activity on balance performance in the elderly. The increase in the incidence of falls with age reflects the disorders of balancerelated to aging. We are particularly interested in age-related changes in the balance control system as reflected in different static and dynamic balance tests. We report the results of studies demonstrating the beneficial effects of physical activity on postural balance. By comparing groups of practitioners of different physical activities, it appears that these effects on postural control depend on the type of activity and the time of practice. Thus, we have focused in the present review on "proprioceptive" and "strength" activities: Training programs offering a combination of several activities have demonstrated beneficial effects on the incidence of falls, and we present and compare the effects of these two types of training activities. It emerges that there are differential effects of programs of activities: while all activities improve participants' confidence in their ability, the "proprioceptive" activities rather improve performance in static tasks, while "strength" activities tend to improve performance in dynamic tasks. These effects depend on the targeted population and will have a greater impact on the frailest subjects. The use of new technologies in the form of "exergames" may also be proposed in home-based exercises. (c) 2015 Elsevier Masson SAS. AR rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a review that discusses the effects of various physical training activities on balance and postural control in the elderly. Although it mentions exergames as a potential tool for home-based exercises, the focus is not on exergames, and the paper does not report results from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it reviews and compares different types of physical activities, such as proprioceptive and strength training. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Leppanen, M., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Stiff Landings Are Associated With Increased ACL Injury Risk in Young Female Basketball and Floorball Players.
[Journal]  AMERICAN JOURNAL OF SPORTS MEDICINE 45(2): 386-393.
[Abstract] Background: Few prospective studies have investigated the biomechanical risk factors of anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injury.Purpose: To investigate the relationship between biomechanical characteristics of vertical drop jump (VDJ) performance and the risk of ACL injury in young female basketball and floorball players.Study Design: Cohort study; Level of evidence, 3.Methods: At baseline, a total of 171 female basketball and floorball players (age range, 12-21 years) participated in a VDJ test using 3-dimensional motion analysis. The following biomechanical variables were analyzed: (1) knee valgus angle at initial contact (IC), (2) peak knee abduction moment, (3) knee flexion angle at IC, (4) peak knee flexion angle, (5) peak vertical ground-reaction force (vGRF), and (6) medial knee displacement. All new ACL injuries, as well as match and training exposure, were then recorded for 1 to 3 years. Cox regression models were used to calculate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs.Results: Fifteen new ACL injuries occurred during the study period (0.2 injuries/1000 player-hours). Of the 6 factors considered, lower peak knee flexion angle (HR for each 10 degrees increase in knee flexion angle, 0.55; 95% CI, 0.34-0.88) and higher peak vGRF (HR for each 100-N increase in vGRF, 1.26; 95% CI, 1.09-1.45) were the only factors associated with increased risk of ACL injury. A receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis showed an area under the curve of 0.6 for peak knee flexion and 0.7 for vGRF, indicating a failed-to-fair combined sensitivity and specificity of the test.Conclusions: Stiff landings, with less knee flexion and greater vGRF, in a VDJ test were associated with increased risk of ACL injury among young female basketball and floorball players. However, although 2 factors (decreased peak knee flexion and increased vGRF) had significant associations with ACL injury risk, the ROC curve analyses revealed that these variables cannot be used for screening of athletes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the biomechanical risk factors for anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injury in young female basketball and floorball players, specifically examining the relationship between vertical drop jump (VDJ) performance and ACL injury risk. It does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Lewis, G. S. S., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Virtual Simulation for Interactive Visualization of 3D Fracture Fixation Biomechanics.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN ACADEMY OF ORTHOPAEDIC SURGEONS 30(1): E51-E58.
[Abstract] Introduction:In the surgical fixation of fractures, proper biomechanical stability is key in preventing clinical complications including poor fracture healing, residual deformity, loss of fixation, or implant failure. Stability is largely influenced by treatment decisions made by the surgeon. The interplay of surgeon-controlled variables and their effect on the three-dimensional (3D) biomechanics of a fracture fixation construct are often not intuitive, and current training methods do not facilitate a deep understanding of these interactions. Methods:A simulation software interface, FracSim, was developed. FracSim is built on a large precomputed library of finite element simulations. The software allows a surgeon to make adjustments to a virtual fracture fixation construct/weight-bearing plan and immediately visualize how these changes affect 3D biomechanics, including implant stress and fracture gap strain, important for clinical success. Twenty-one orthopaedic residents completed an instructor-led educational session with FracSim focused on bridge plating. Subjects completed pretests and posttests of knowledge of biomechanical concepts and a questionnaire. Results:Subjects scored a mean of 5.6/10 on the pretest of biomechanical knowledge. Senior residents scored better than junior residents (P = 0.04). After the educational session with FracSim, residents improved their test scores to a mean of 8.0/10, with a significant improvement (P < 0.001). Questionnaire scores indicated that subjects believed that FracSim had realistic implants, constructs, and motions and that training with FracSim was purposeful, desirable, efficient, fun, and useful for enhancing the understanding of fracture fixation biomechanics. Discussion:This new type of simulation software enables interactive visualization of 3D fracture fixation biomechanics. Limitations of this study include lack of a control group undergoing traditional education and lack of a delayed posttest to assess retention. FracSim may provide an effective and engaging way to promote a deeper understanding of biomechanical concepts in the orthopaedic learner.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a virtual simulation tool (FracSim) to help orthopaedic residents understand the biomechanics of fracture fixation. It does not target older people, nor is it an exergame. The study focuses on educational outcomes for medical professionals rather than on preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Li, C., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Optimization for grading rings of high-speed train roof insulator.
[Journal]  High Voltage Apparatus 55(6): 164-169.
[Abstract] In humid conditions, such as heavy fog, water particles in the air will attach to the surface of the insulator and condense gradually. The electric field in and around the insulator will be distorted by these dense droplets. These dense droplets may form several water bands under the influence of an electric filed force to further distort the electric field, inducing a vicious cycle. Our simulation results show that on this occasion the electric field intensity between the metal fittings on the high-voltage side and the first umbrella skirt is high enough to trigger corona discharge, resulting in aging or even destruction of the insulator surface and reduction of the safety and reliability of the insulator in operation. In view of this situation, in order to assure operation safety of high-speed train, this paper choose the roof composite insulator of CRH-380 electric high-speed train unit as research object. Optimal grading rings are installed to the insulator to improve the electric field distribution on the high-voltage side. Finite element simulation shows that the maximum field strength is 19.7 kV/cm when the optimal parameters of the grading ring are R=125 mm, r=21 mm, and H=44 mm. This maximum field strength is less than water droplet corona onset field strength, hence the expected goal is achieved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about optimizing the grading rings of high-speed train roof insulators to improve their performance in humid conditions. It does not involve exergames, fall prevention in the elderly, or any related interventions.

[Author]   Li, D. and Z. Lu (2020). 
[Title]    The effects of aging on the cyclical thermal shock response of a copper-beryllium alloy as a substrate of cooling wheel in planar flow casting process.
[Journal]  MATERIALS RESEARCH EXPRESS 7(11).
[Abstract] In planar flow casting (PFC) process, the molten alloy from nozzle exerts cyclical thermal shock on the substrate surface of cooling wheel and the cyclical thermal shock causes damage to the substrate surface in the form of defects. In this paper, a 2D numerical model was explored and the cyclical thermal shock on the surface of cooling wheel was simulated by numerical method using practical casting parameters. A batch of hot rolled copper-beryllium (Cu-2Be) cylindrical rings was prepared and subjected to solution annealing and aging treatments. The coefficients of thermal conductivity, thermal expansion coefficients and mechanical properties of Cu-2Be rings with different aging conditions were measured. The metallograph and SEM of the Cu-2Be rings subjected to 10(5) cycles of thermal shock were examined. The simulation results show that the surface temperature underneath the puddle is heated up drastically to a maximum temperature around 350 degrees C and cooled down to a minimum temperature around 140 degrees C in each revolution in quasi-steady process, and the lower thermal conductivity leads to the higher surface temperature for Cu-2Be substrate. The mechanical and physical responses of a Cu-2Be alloy aged at different conditions as a substrate of cooling wheel have been investigated after 10(5) cycles of thermal shock in practical casting. It was observed that the cyclical thermal shock leads to damage to Cu-2Be surface which affects the surface quality of as-cast ribbon. It was found that higher thermal expansion coefficient of Cu-2Be alloy leads to large magnitude of surface expansion and surface shrinkage which results in crack damage while lower thermal expansion coefficient of Cu-2Be alloy resulting from higher temperature aging is benefit to reducing the magnitude of surface expansion and surface shrinkage but the strength of Cu-2Be substrate is also reduced and intergranular erosion occurs after 10(5) cycles of thermal shock.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effects of aging on a copper-beryllium alloy used in the planar flow casting process. It does not involve exergames, older people, or any intervention related to fall prevention. The focus is on the material properties and thermal shock response of the alloy, which is entirely unrelated to the use of exergames for preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Li, D., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Mechanisms and Evolution of Cracks in Prestressed Concrete Sleepers Exposed to Time-Dependent Actions.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 12(11).
[Abstract] Railway sleepers are an important component of track systems, which can be manufactured by timber, concrete, steel and any other engineered materials. They serve as rail supports and transfer loads from trains to substructures of track systems. In railway networks worldwide, prestressed concrete sleepers are more common than other material types because of their cost-efficacy, environmental friendliness, higher stability and performance, and durability. However, certain types of damage can still appear due to diverse load spectra and aggressive environmental conditions. The causes of cracking observed in prestressed concrete sleepers are usually induced by impact loads. The most affected sections are at the midspan and the rail-seat area of sleepers. Over a long term, time-dependent actions also affect the structural performance of prestressed concrete sleepers. This paper intends to determine the time-dependent crack phenomena in prestressed concrete sleepers under static conditions. Nonlinear finite element method (FEM) has been developed and validated by full-scale experimental tests of prestressed concrete sleepers in accordance with EN13230. In this study, equivalent losses of prestress as a result from time-dependent actions and resultant behaviours are considered. Their influences on crack initiation and propagation in prestressed concrete sleepers have been demonstrated. The results exhibit that the crack simulation can accurately predict the cracking behaviours and the time-dependent behaviour of prestressed concrete sleepers. This insight is critically essential to experimental load rating prediction, that can appropriately estimate the remaining life of aged railway concrete sleepers exposed to time-dependent actions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the mechanisms and evolution of cracks in prestressed concrete sleepers used in railway systems. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, methods, and outcomes are unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Li, H., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Identifying informative risk factors and predicting bone disease progression via deep belief networks.
[Journal]  METHODS 69(3): 257-265.
[Abstract] Osteoporosis is a common disease which frequently causes death, permanent disability, and loss of quality of life in the geriatric population. Identifying risk factors for the disease progression and capturing the disease characteristics have received increasing attentions in the health informatics research. In data mining area, risk factors are features of the data and diagnostic results can be regarded as the labels to train a model for a regression or classification task. We develop a general framework based on the heterogeneous electronic health records (EHRs) for the risk factor (RF) analysis that can be used for informative RF selection and the prediction of osteoporosis. The RF selection is a task designed for ranking and explaining the semantics of informative RFs for preventing the disease and improving the understanding of the disease. Predicting the risk of osteoporosis in a prospective and population-based study is a task for monitoring the bone disease progression. We apply a variety of well-trained deep belief network (DBN) models which inherit the following good properties: (1) pinpointing the underlying causes of the disease in order to assess the risk of a patient in developing a target disease, and (2) discriminating between patients suffering from the disease and without the disease for the purpose of selecting RFs of the disease. A variety of DBN models can capture characteristics for different patient groups via a training procedure with the use of different samples. The case study shows that the proposed method can be efficiently used to select the informative RFs. Most of the selected RFs are validated by the medical literature and some new RFs will attract interests across the medical research. Moreover, the experimental analysis on a real bone disease data set shows that the proposed framework can successfully predict the progression of osteoporosis. The stable and promising performance on the evaluation metrics confirms the effectiveness of our model. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on identifying risk factors and predicting the progression of osteoporosis using deep belief networks. It does not mention any exergames or interventions targeting fall prevention in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Li, N., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Integrating clinical and biochemical markers: a novel nomogram for predicting lacunes in cerebral small vessel disease.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 16.
[Abstract] Background Lacunes, a characteristic feature of cerebral small vessel disease (CSVD), are critical public health concerns, especially in the aging population. Traditional neuroimaging techniques often fall short in early lacune detection, prompting the need for more precise predictive models.Methods In this retrospective study, 587 patients from the Neurology Department of the Affiliated Hospital of Hebei University who underwent cranial MRI were assessed. A nomogram for predicting lacune incidence was developed using LASSO regression and binary logistic regression analysis for variable selection. The nomogram's performance was quantitatively assessed using AUC-ROC, calibration plots, and decision curve analysis (DCA) in both training (n = 412) and testing (n = 175) cohorts.Results Independent predictors identified included age, gender, history of stroke, carotid atherosclerosis, hypertension, creatinine, and homocysteine levels. The nomogram showed an AUC-ROC of 0.814 (95% CI: 0.791-0.870) for the training set and 0.805 (95% CI: 0.782-0.843) for the testing set. Calibration and DCA corroborated the model's clinical value.Conclusion This study introduces a clinically useful nomogram, derived from binary logistic regression, that significantly enhances the prediction of lacunes in patients undergoing brain MRI for various indications, potentially advancing early diagnosis and intervention. While promising, its retrospective design and single-center context are limitations that warrant further research, including multi-center validation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a nomogram for predicting lacunes in cerebral small vessel disease using clinical and biochemical markers. It does not mention any exergames or interventions aimed at preventing falls in the elderly, nor does it include randomized controlled trials related to such interventions.

[Author]   Liao, Y.-Y., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Virtual Reality-Based Training to Improve Obstacle-Crossing Performance and Dynamic Balance in Patients With Parkinson's Disease.
[Journal]  NEUROREHABILITATION AND NEURAL REPAIR 29(7): 658-667.
[Abstract] Background. Obstacle crossing is a balance-challenging task and can cause falls in people with Parkinson's disease (PD). However, programs for people with PD that effectively target obstacle crossing and dynamic balance have not been established. Objective. To examine the effects of virtual reality-based exercise on obstacle crossing performance and dynamic balance in participants with PD. Methods. Thirty-six participants with a diagnosis of PD (Hoehn and Yahr score ranging 1 to 3) were randomly assigned to one of three groups. In the exercise groups, participants received virtual reality-based Wii Fit exercise (VRWii group) or traditional exercise (TE group) for 45 minutes, followed by 15 minutes of treadmill training in each session for a total of 12 sessions over 6 weeks. Participants in the control group received no structured exercise program. Primary outcomes included obstacle crossing performance (crossing velocity, stride length, and vertical toe obstacle clearance) and dynamic balance (maximal excursion, movement velocity, and directional control measured by the limits-of-stability test). Secondary outcomes included sensory organization test (SOT), Parkinson's Disease Questionnaire (PDQ39), fall efficacy scale (FES-I), and timed up and go test (TUG). All outcomes were assessed at baseline, after training, and at 1-month follow-up. Results. The VRWii group showed greater improvement in obstacle crossing velocity, crossing stride length, dynamic balance, SOT, TUG, FES-I, and PDQ39 than the control group. VRWii training also resulted in greater improvement in movement velocity of limits-of-stability test than TE training. Conclusions. VRWii training significantly improved obstacle crossing performance and dynamic balance, supporting implementation of VRWii training in participants with PD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. While the paper does involve an intervention using virtual reality (VR) and targets a population that may be at risk for falls (people with Parkinson's disease), it does not specifically focus on the elderly. Additionally, the primary aim of the study is to improve obstacle-crossing performance and dynamic balance in patients with Parkinson's disease, rather than to prevent falls in the elderly. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Liao, Y.-Y., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Virtual Reality-Based Wii Fit Training in Improving Muscle Strength, Sensory Integration Ability, and Walking Abilities in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized Control Trial.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF GERONTOLOGY 9(4): 190-195.
[Abstract] Background: Virtual reality (VR) systems have been proven to increase motor performance in stroke and elderly patients. However, the effects have not been established in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). The aim of this study was to examine the effects of VR-based training in improving muscle strength, sensory integration ability, and walking abilities in patients with PD through a randomized controlled trial.Methods: Thirty-six individuals who have been diagnosed with PD were randomly assigned to one of three groups (n = 12 for each group). Participants performed VR-based Wii Fit exercise (VRWii group) or traditional exercise (TE group) for 45 minutes, followed by treadmill training for another 15 minutes for 12 sessions in 6 weeks. Participants in the control group did not undergo the structured exercise program, but received fall-prevention education instead. The study outcomes included lower extremity muscle strength, sensory integration ability, walking velocity, stride length, and functional gait assessment. All outcomes were assessed at baseline, after training, and at 1 month follow-up.Results: Both the VRWii and TE groups showed more improvement in level walking velocity, stride length, functional gait assessment, muscle strength, and vestibular system integration compared with the control group after training and at 1 month follow-up. The VRWii training, but not the TE training, resulted in greater improvement in visual system integration than the control.Conclusion: VRWii training is as beneficial as TE in improving walking abilities, sensory integration ability, and muscle strength in patients with PD, and such improvements persisted for at least for 1 month. VRWii training is thus suggested to be implemented in patients with PD. Copyright (C) 2015, Taiwan Society of Geriatric Emergency & Critical Care Medicine. Published by Elsevier Taiwan LLC. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality-based Wii Fit training to improve muscle strength, sensory integration ability, and walking abilities in patients with Parkinson's disease. Although it involves an exergame (Wii Fit) and a randomized controlled trial, the primary target population is patients with Parkinson's disease, not specifically older people. Additionally, the focus is on improving motor performance and not explicitly on preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, the paper does not meet all the specified criteria.

[Author]   Likens, A. D., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Irregular Metronomes as Assistive Devices to Promote Healthy Gait Patterns [arXiv].
[Journal]  arXiv: 7 pp.-7 pp.
[Abstract] Older adults and people suffering from neurodegenerative disease often experience difficulty controlling gait during locomotion, ultimately increasing their risk of falling. To combat these effects, researchers and clinicians have used metronomes as assistive devices to improve movement timing in hopes of reducing their risk of falling. Historically, researchers in this area have relied on metronomes with isochronous interbeat intervals, which may be problematic because normal healthy gait varies considerably from one step to the next. More recently, researchers have advocated the use of irregular metronomes embedded with statistical properties found in healthy populations. In this paper, we explore the effect of both regular and irregular metronomes on many statistical properties of interstride intervals. Furthermore, we investigate how these properties react to mechanical perturbation in the form of a halted treadmill belt while walking. Our results demonstrate that metronomes that are either isochronous or random metronome break down the inherent structure of healthy gait. Metronomes with statistical properties similar to healthy gait seem to preserve those properties, despite a strong mechanical perturbation. We discuss the future development of this work in the context of networked augmented reality metronome devices.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described involves the use of metronomes, both regular and irregular, to promote healthy gait patterns. While the target population includes older adults, and the study aims to reduce the risk of falling, the intervention does not involve exergames (e.g., virtual reality, video games, or electronic games). Additionally, the abstract does not mention a randomized controlled trial, which is one of the criteria for inclusion.

[Author]   Lin, C.-W., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    A Novel Game-Based Intelligent Test for Detecting Elderly Cognitive Function Impairment (Retracted Article).
[Journal]  COMPUTATIONAL AND MATHEMATICAL METHODS IN MEDICINE 2021.
[Abstract] Purposes. This research explores the game-based intelligent test (GBIT), predicts the possibilities of Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) scores and the risk of cognitive impairment, and then verifies GBIT as one of the reliable and valid cognitive assessment tools. Methods. This study recruited 117 elderly subjects in Taiwan (average age is 79.92 & PLUSMN;8.68, average height is 156.91 & PLUSMN;8.01, average weight is 59.14 & PLUSMN;9.67, and average MMSE score is 23.33 & PLUSMN;6.16). A multiple regression model was used to analyze the GBIT parameters of the elderly's reaction, attention, coordination, and memory to predict their MMSE performance. The binary logistic regression was then utilized to predict their risk of cognitive impairment. The statistical significance level was set as alpha=0.05. Results. Multiple regression analysis showed that gender, the correct number of reactions, and the correct number of memory have a significantly positive predictive power on MMSE of the elderly (F=37.60, R-2=0.69, and p < 0.05). Binary logistic regression analysis noted that the correct average number of reactions falls by one question, and the ratio of cognitive dysfunction risk increases 1.09 times (p < 0.05); the correct average number of memory drops by one question, the ratio of cognitive dysfunction risk increases 3.76 times (p < 0.05), and the overall model predictive power is 88.20% (sensitivity: 84.00%; specificity: 92.30%). Conclusions. This study verifies that GBIT is reliable and can effectively predict the cognitive function and risk of cognitive impairment in the elderly. Therefore, GBIT can be used as one of the feasible tools for evaluating older people's cognitive function.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a game-based intelligent test (GBIT) designed to detect and predict cognitive function impairment in the elderly. While it does involve older people and uses a game-based approach, the primary focus is on cognitive assessment and prediction, not on preventing falls through exergames. Additionally, the study design is observational and analytical, rather than a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Lin, Y.-F., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    A Pilot Study of Interactive-Video Games in People with Mild Cognitive Impairment.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 19(6).
[Abstract] Early preventive strategies for improving cognitive function are crucial for people with mild cognitive impairment (MCI). Cognitive training exercises may improve cognitive functioning. However, there was limited evidence from training programs that combined cognitive-specific and physical activities, particularly in using interactive video games as interventions. This study aimed to evaluate the feasibility and effects of the interactive-video games on cognitive function, physical function, mood status and quality of life in community-dwelling people with MCI. A quasi-experimental study was undertaken. Participants in the intervention group received 60 min group-based training program once per week for 12 weeks. A generalised estimating equation (GEE) was used to examine the main effect, interactions and changes in outcomes over time. Sixteen participants completed the trial with eight in the intervention group and eight in the comparison group. The tolerable acceptance rate, perfect attendance rate, high satisfaction with the training content, and no injuries or falls demonstrated the feasibility of this program. The scores of cognitive function increased in both groups and the interaction between time and groups were significant over 12 weeks of training (p < 0.05). As the result, we determined that interactive-video games can be a safe, feasible, enjoyable intervention and user-friendly among people with MCI in community settings.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve an intervention with interactive video games, the primary focus is on cognitive function in people with mild cognitive impairment, and the study is a quasi-experimental design rather than a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the outcomes measured do not specifically include fall prevention.

[Author]   Lin, Y.-P., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Optimizing rehabilitation strategies in Parkinson's disease: a comparison of dual cognitive-walking treadmill training and single treadmill training.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 14(1).
[Abstract] Dual cognitive-walking treadmill training (DTT), designed to replicate real-life walking conditions, has shown promise effect in individuals with Parkinson's disease (PD). This study aims to compare the effects of DTT versus single treadmill training (STT) on cognitive and walking performance under both single and dual task conditions, as well as on fall, patients' subjective feeling, and quality of life. Sixteen individuals with PD were randomly assigned to DTT or STT group and underwent 8 weeks of training. The DTT group received treadmill training with cognitive loads, while the STT group received treadmill training without cognitive load. Outcome measures included gait parameters (speed, step length) and cognitive performance (reaction time, accuracy, composite score) under both single and dual task conditions. Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale-part III (UPDRS-III), Falls Efficacy Scale (FES), Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC), and Parkinson's Disease Questionnaire (PDQ-39) were also measured. Both DTT and STT groups showed increased comfortable walking speed and step length. Only the DTT group demonstrated significant improvements in cognitive composite score under both single and dual task conditions, as well as UPDRS-III, FES, and PDQ-39(p < 0.05). DTT can enhance cognitive function without compromising walking ability and also have real-world transferability.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention involves dual cognitive-walking treadmill training and single treadmill training, which are not exergames. Additionally, the study focuses on individuals with Parkinson's disease, and while it does measure fall efficacy, it does not specifically target the prevention of falls in the elderly using exergames.

[Author]   Lindemann, U., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Perturbation in public transport as a basic concept for perturbation-based balance training for fall prevention.
[Journal]  ZEITSCHRIFT FUR GERONTOLOGIE UND GERIATRIE 54(6): 571-575.
[Abstract] Introduction The aim of the study was to collect real-world sensor data on acceleration and deceleration while riding a bus or tram. With respect to the risk of suffering fall-related injuries while using public transportation, our interest was to understand the amplitude of real-world perturbations to translate them to innovative reactive balance training programs. Methods Acceleration and deceleration data were collected during 12 days in buses and trams in a German city. A sensor, which was fixed to a vertical bar in the vehicle, measured the acceleration signals. Additionally, extreme values of deceleration during full braking were collected in a driving school bus. Results For the incident type acceleration from standing extreme values of acceleration and jerking were higher in buses compared to trams with a maximum acceleration of 3.37 & x202f;m/s(2)and 1.80 & x202f;m/s(2), respectively, and extreme jerking of 13.30 & x202f;m/s(3)and -5.56 & x202f;m/s(3), respectively. Similarly, for the incident type deceleration approaching a stop extreme values of deceleration and jerking were higher in buses compared to trams with maximum deceleration of -3.12 & x202f;m/s(2)and -2.31 & x202f;m/s(2), respectively, and extreme jerking of -19.19 & x202f;m/s(3)and -10.83 & x202f;m/s(3), respectively. Extreme values for maximum deceleration and extreme jerking as simulated at the driving school were not reached during real-world measurements. The duration of incidents in acceleration from standing and deceleration approaching a stop was shorter for buses than for trams. Conclusion Acceleration and jerking values were higher in buses compared to trams. Based on this study, laboratory simulation paradigms can be developed to study balance responses in older persons and to design fall prevention interventions which are ecologically valid.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on collecting real-world sensor data on acceleration and deceleration in public transportation and discusses the potential for developing balance training programs based on these data. There is no mention of exergames, and the study itself is not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Ling, H., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Development of a nomogram for deep vein thrombosis in patients with tibial plateau fractures based on systemic Immune-inflammation index.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 14(1).
[Abstract] In recent years, the incidence of tibial plateau fractures (TPF) has been on the rise. Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) may lead to poor prognosis in patients. The systemic immune-inflammation index(SII) are novel biomarkers of inflammation, and this study aims to verify their predictive effect and construct the nomogram model. This study used binary logistic regression analysis to predict the predictive effect of SII on the occurrence of DVT in tibial plateau fracture patients. And use R studio to construct nomogram model. The results showed that Age (1.03 [1, 1.06], p = 0.032), SII (3.57 [1.68, 7.61], p = 0.04), and NC (7.22 [3.21, 16.26], p < 0.001) were independent predictive factors for DVT. The nomogram demonstrated good predictive performance with small errors in both the training and validation groups, and most clinical patients could benefit from them. The nomogram constructed based on SII can assist clinicians in early assessment of the probability of DVT occurrence.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development of a nomogram for predicting deep vein thrombosis in patients with tibial plateau fractures using the systemic immune-inflammation index. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Lisitano, L., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Unravelling variations: an examination of entry point selection in proximal femoral cephalomedullary nailing.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ORTHOPAEDICS AND TRAUMATOLOGY 25(1).
[Abstract] Background The exact positioning of the cephalomedullary (CM) nail entry point for managing femoral fractures remains debatable, with significant implications for fracture reduction and postoperative complications. This study aimed to explore the variability in the selection of the entry point among trauma surgeons, hypothesizing potential differences and their association with surgeon experience.Methods In this prospective multicenter study, 16 participants, ranging from residents to senior specialists, partook in a simulation wherein they determined the optimal entry point for the implantation of a proximal femoral nail antirotation (PFN-A; DePuy Synthes) in various femora. The inter- and intra-observer variability was calculated, along with comprehensive descriptive statistical analysis, to assess the variability in entry point selection and the impact of surgeon experience.Results In this study, the mean distance from the selected entry points to the calculated mean entry point was 3.98 mm, with a smaller distance observed among surgeons with more than 500 implantations (ANOVA, p = 0.050). Intra-surgeon variability for identical femora averaged at 5.14 mm, showing no significant differences across various levels of surgical experience or training. Notably, 13.6% of selected entry points would not allow a proper intramedullary positioning of the implant, thereby rendering anatomical repositioning unfeasible. Among these impossible entry points, a significant skew towards anterior placement was observed (70.6% of the impossible entry points), with a smaller fraction being overly lateral (27.5%) or medial (13.7%). On a patient level, the impossibility rate varied widely from 0 to 35% among the different femora examined, with a significantly higher rate seen in younger patients (mean age 55.02 versus 60.32; t-test for independent samples, p = 0.04).Conclusions Significant variations exist in surgeons' selection of entry points for proximal femoral nailing, underscoring the task's complexity. Experience does not prevent the choice of unfeasible entry points, emphasizing the inadequacy of a universal approach and pointing towards the necessity for a patient-specific strategy for improved outcomes. Trial registration number: DRKS00032465.Conclusions Significant variations exist in surgeons' selection of entry points for proximal femoral nailing, underscoring the task's complexity. Experience does not prevent the choice of unfeasible entry points, emphasizing the inadequacy of a universal approach and pointing towards the necessity for a patient-specific strategy for improved outcomes. Trial registration number: DRKS00032465.The ideal entry point for cephalomedullary (CM) nailing of the proximal femur remains a matter of debate; however, there may not be a universal, perfect entry point. There is significant variation in the chosen entry points for CM nailing, and a substantial portion of these entry points do not allow for intramedullary positioning of the implant.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the variability in the selection of the entry point for cephalomedullary nailing in the management of femoral fractures. It does not discuss the use of exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Liston, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Investigating the feasibility and acceptability of the HOLOBalance system compared with standard care in older adults at risk for falls: study protocol for an assessor blinded pilot randomised controlled study.
[Journal]  BMJ OPEN 11(2).
[Abstract] Introduction Approximately one in three of all older adults fall each year, with wide ranging physical, psychosocial and healthcare-related consequences. Exercise-based interventions are the cornerstone for falls prevention programmes, yet these are not consistently provided, do not routinely address all components of the balance system and are often not well attended. The HOLOBalance system provides an evidence-based balance training programme delivered to patients in their home environment using a novel technological approach including an augmented reality virtual physiotherapist, exergames and a remote monitoring system. The aims of this proof-of-concept study are to (1) determine the safety, acceptability and feasibility of providing HOLOBalance to community dwelling older adults at risk for falls and (2) provide data to support sample size estimates for a future trial.Methods A single (assessor) blinded pilot randomised controlled proof of concept study. 120 participants will be randomised to receive an 8-week home exercise programme consisting of either: (1) HOLOBalance or (2) The OTAGO Home Exercise Programme. Participants will be required to complete their exercise programme independently under the supervision of a physiotherapist. Participants will have weekly telephone contact with their physiotherapist, and will receive home visits at weeks 0, 3 and 6. Outcome measures of safety, acceptability and feasibility, clinical measures of balance function, disability, balance confidence and cognitive function will be assessed before and immediately after the 8 week intervention. Acceptability and feasibility will be explored using descriptive statistics, and trends for effectiveness will be explored using general linear model analysis of variance.Ethics and dissemination This study has received institutional ethical approvals in Germany (reference: 265/19), Greece (reference: 9769/24-6-2019) and the UK (reference: 19/LO/1908). Findings from this study will be submitted for peer-reviewed publications.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a study protocol for a pilot randomized controlled trial that investigates the feasibility and acceptability of the HOLOBalance system, which includes exergames, in older adults at risk for falls. However, the primary focus is on determining the safety, acceptability, and feasibility of the intervention, rather than reporting the results of a completed randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as per the given requirements.

[Author]   Litz, E., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Validation of a Motor-Cognitive Assessment for a Stepping Exergame in Older Adults: Use of Game-Specific, Internal Data Stream.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 9(2): 95-107.
[Abstract] Objective: To comprehensively validate an assessment tailored to an exergaming training program with motor-cognitive challenges. Materials and Methods: Fifty-eight cognitively intact, multimorbid, independently living older adults (mean age [standard deviation]: 78.3 [6.5] years) with moderate functional limitations participated in the study. For construct validity, Spearman's rank correlations (r(s)) between game parameters and established cognitive (Number-Connection-Test [Zahlen-Verbindungs-Test], Simple Response Time Task, Simon Task) and motor (Short Physical Performance Battery, Physiomat (R) balance tests) measures were calculated. Test-retest reliability was documented by intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs), sensitivity to change by effect sizes using partial eta squared (eta(2)(p)), and feasibility by mean completion time and completion rates. Results: Good construct validity of the assessment was observed, with on average moderate-to-high correlations between game parameters and cognitive tests, measures of lower extremity function and dynamic balance (range of r(s) including extreme outliers = 0.00-0.70, P < 0.001-0.998). Test-retest reliability was good, with ICCs mostly ranging from moderate to high (ICCs = 0.37-0.93, P < 0.001-0.130), and sensitivity to change was excellent (eta(2)(p) = 0.16-0.81, P < 0.001-0.044). Completion rates for the initial challenge levels were 100%, mean completion time 36.3 minutes, and no clinical events or safety problems were observed. Conclusion: Study results documented on average good validity, test-retest reliability and feasibility, with an extraordinary high responsiveness of the presented game-based assessment in older adults with moderate functional limitations. The innovative, data-based assessment validated in this study may serve as a blueprint for future, tailored assessments for exergaming.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on validating a motor-cognitive assessment for a stepping exergame in older adults, but it does not specifically address the use of the exergame to prevent falls. The study evaluates the validity, reliability, and feasibility of the assessment, rather than reporting the results of a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Liu, F., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Predictive Value of Machine Learning Models in Postoperative Mortality of Older Adults Patients with Hip Fracture: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF GERONTOLOGY AND GERIATRICS 115.
[Abstract] Background: Some researchers have used machine learning to predict mortality in old patients with hip fracture, but its application value lacks an evidence-based basis. Hence, we conducted this meta-analysis to explore the predictive accuracy of machine learning for mortality in old patients with hip fracture.Methods: We systematically retrieved PubMed, Cochrane, Embase, and Web of Science for relevant studies published before July 15, 2022. The PROBAST assessment tool was used to assess the risk of bias in the included studies. A random-effects model was used for the meta-analysis of C-index, whereas a bivariate mixed-effects model was used for the meta-analysis of sensitivity and specificity. The meta-analysis was performed on R and Stata.Results: Eighteen studies were included, involving 8 machine learning models and 398,422 old patients undergoing hip joint surgery, of whom 60,457 died. According to the meta-analysis, the pooled C-index for machine learning models was 0.762 (95% CI: 0.691 - 0.833) in the training set and 0.838 (95% CI: 0.783 - 0.892) in the validation set, which is better than the C-index of the main clinical scale (Nottingham Hip Fracture Score), that is, 0.702 (95% CI: 0.681 - 0.723). Among different machine learning models, ANN and Bayesian belief network had the best predictive performance. Conclusion: Machine learning models are more accurate in predicting mortality in old patients after hip joint surgery than current mainstream clinical scoring systems. Subsequent research could focus on updating clinical scoring systems and improving their predictive performance by relying on machine learning models.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis focused on the predictive accuracy of machine learning models for mortality in older patients with hip fractures. It does not involve an exergame intervention or a randomized controlled trial, and it does not address the prevention of falls. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Liu, J. L., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    The benefits of betahistine or vestibular rehabilitation (Tetrax biofeedback) on the quality of life and fall risk in patients with Meniere's disease.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF LARYNGOLOGY AND OTOLOGY 134(12): 1073-1076.
[Abstract] ObjectiveThis study aimed to evaluate the benefits of betahistine or vestibular rehabilitation (Tetrax biofeedback) on the quality of life and fall risk in patients with Meniere's disease.MethodsSixty-six patients with Meniere's disease were randomly divided into three groups: betahistine, Tetrax and control groups. Patients' Dizziness Handicap Index and Tetrax fall index scores were obtained before and after treatment.ResultsPatients in the betahistine and Tetrax groups showed significant improvements in Dizziness Handicap Index and fall index scores after treatment versus before treatment (p < 0.05). The improvements in the Tetrax group were significantly greater than those in the betahistine group (p < 0.05).ConclusionsBetahistine and vestibular rehabilitation (Tetrax biofeedback) improve the quality of life and reduce the risk of falling in patients with Meniere's disease. Vestibular rehabilitation (Tetrax biofeedback) is an effective management method for Meniere's disease.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention in this study involves betahistine (a medication) and vestibular rehabilitation using Tetrax biofeedback, which is not an exergame. Additionally, while the study does include a randomized controlled trial and reports on the reduction of fall risk, the primary focus is on patients with Meniere's disease, and it is not specifically targeted at older people.

[Author]   Liu, K., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Design optimization of the bamboo-inspired foam-filled tube for high-speed train collision energy absorption.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF MECHANICAL SCIENCES 271.
[Abstract] This study first developed a novel bamboo-inspired foam-filled tube (BFFT) for potential application in highspeed trains, considering the practical use conditions. The BFFT was initially designed by mimicking the macro and micro characteristics of bamboo culms and understanding their axial crushing mechanical behavior. The key bionic parameters are drawn based on the crashworthiness indices of natural bamboos with various geometric sizes and growth ages. The numerical simulation model of the BFFT under axial impact load was established and verified using simplified super folding element (SSFE) theory and drop-weight experiments. A multi-objective optimization on the BFFT was conducted to find the optimal parameter alternative, integrating experimental design method of the optimal Latin hypercube, the response surface agent model and the nondominated sorting genetic algorithm (NSGA-II). The crashworthiness performance of the optimized BFFT was compared with the initial design scheme, a conventional circular tube and other existing energy absorbers of rail vehicles. The results indicated that the EA, SEA and IPCF values of the optimized BFFT can be improved by 150.2 %, 63.3 %, and 48.5 %, respectively, when considering the single target requirement. In comparison to the initial design scheme and conventional circular tube, the SEA value of the final optimized BFFT increased by 44.7 % and 53.0 %, respectively. The proposed novel BFFT demonstrated a superior crashworthiness, providing inspiration for enhancing and optimizing passive safety performance of high-speed trains.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the design optimization of a bamboo-inspired foam-filled tube for high-speed train collision energy absorption. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Liu, L., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    A hierarchical opportunistic screening model for osteoporosis using machine learning applied to clinical data and CT images.
[Journal]  BMC BIOINFORMATICS 23(1).
[Abstract] Background Osteoporosis is a common metabolic skeletal disease and usually lacks obvious symptoms. Many individuals are not diagnosed until osteoporotic fractures occur. Bone mineral density (BMD) measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) is the gold standard for osteoporosis detection. However, only a limited percentage of people with osteoporosis risks undergo the DXA test. As a result, it is vital to develop methods to identify individuals at-risk based on methods other than DXA. Results We proposed a hierarchical model with three layers to detect osteoporosis using clinical data (including demographic characteristics and routine laboratory tests data) and CT images covering lumbar vertebral bodies rather than DXA data via machine learning. 2210 individuals over age 40 were collected retrospectively, among which 246 individuals' clinical data and CT images are both available. Irrelevant and redundant features were removed via statistical analysis. Consequently, 28 features, including 16 clinical data and 12 texture features demonstrated statistically significant differences (p < 0.05) between osteoporosis and normal groups. Six machine learning algorithms including logistic regression (LR), support vector machine with radial-basis function kernel, artificial neural network, random forests, eXtreme Gradient Boosting and Stacking that combined the above five classifiers were employed as classifiers to assess the performances of the model. Furthermore, to diminish the influence of data partitioning, the dataset was randomly split into training and test set with stratified sampling repeated five times. The results demonstrated that the hierarchical model based on LR showed better performances with an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.818, 0.838, and 0.962 for three layers, respectively in distinguishing individuals with osteoporosis and normal BMD. Conclusions The proposed model showed great potential in opportunistic screening for osteoporosis without additional expense. It is hoped that this model could serve to detect osteoporosis as early as possible and thereby prevent serious complications of osteoporosis, such as osteoporosis fractures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a hierarchical model using machine learning to screen for osteoporosis. It does not mention any exergames or interventions aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The focus is on using clinical data and CT images to identify individuals at risk of osteoporosis, which is a different topic from the use of exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Liu, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    New augmented reality remote for virtual guidance and education of fracture surgery: a retrospective, non-inferiority, multi-center cohort study.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF SURGERY 110(9): 5334-5341.
[Abstract] Background:The demand for telesurgery is rapidly increasing. Augmented reality (AR) remote surgery is a promising alternative, fulfilling a worldwide need in fracture surgery. However, previous AR endoscopic and Google Glass remotes remain unsuitable for fracture surgery, and the application of remote fracture surgery has not been reported. The authors aimed to evaluate the safety and clinical effectiveness of a new AR remote in fracture surgery.Materials and methods:This retrospective non-inferiority cohort study was conducted at three centres. Between 1 January 2018 and 31 March 2022, 800 patients who underwent fracture surgery were eligible for participation. The study enroled 551 patients with fractures (132 patellae, 128 elbows, 126 tibial plateaus, and 165 ankles) divided into an AR group (specialists used AR to remotely guide junior doctors to perform surgeries) and a traditional non-remote group (specialists performed the surgery themselves).Results:Among 364 patients (182 per group) matched by propensity score, seven (3.8%) in the AR group and six (3%) in the non-remote group developed complications. The 0.005 risk difference (95% CI: -0.033 to 0.044) was below the pre-defined non-inferiority margin of a 10% absolute increase. A similar distribution in the individual components of all complications was found between the groups. Hierarchical analysis following propensity score matching revealed no statistical difference between the two groups regarding functional results at 1-year follow-up, operative time, amount of bleeding, number of fluoroscopies, and injury surgery interval. A Likert scale questionnaire showed positive results (median scores: 4-5) for safety, efficiency, and education.Conclusion:This study is the first to report that AR remote surgery can be as safe and effective as that performed by a specialist in person for fracture surgery, even without the physical presence of a specialist, and is associated with improving the skills and increasing the confidence of junior surgeons. This technique is promising for remote fracture surgery and other open surgeries, offering a new strategy to address inadequate medical care in remote areas.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the use of augmented reality (AR) for remote guidance and education in fracture surgery, which does not meet the criteria for an exergame intervention targeting fall prevention in older people. Additionally, the study design is a retrospective, non-inferiority, multi-center cohort study, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Liu, S., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Joint User Association and Resource Allocation for Wireless Hierarchical Federated Learning With IID and Non-IID Data.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON WIRELESS COMMUNICATIONS 21(10): 7852-7866.
[Abstract] In this work, hierarchical federated learning (HFL) over wireless multi-cell networks is proposed for large-scale model training while preserving data privacy. However, the imbalanced data distribution has a significant impact on the convergence rate and learning accuracy. In addition, a large learning latency is incurred due to the traffic load imbalance among base stations (BSs) and limited wireless resources. To cope with these challenges, we first provide an analysis of the model error and learning latency in wireless HFL. Then, joint user association and wireless resource allocation algorithms are investigated under independent identically distributed (IID) and non-IID training data, respectively. For the IID case, a learning latency aware strategy is designed to minimize the learning latency by optimizing user association and wireless resource allocation, where a mobile device selects the BS with the maximal uplink channel signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). For the non-IID case, the total data distribution distance and learning latency are jointly minimized to achieve the optimal user association and resource allocation. The results show that both data distribution and uplink channel SNR should be taken into consideration for user association in the non-IID case. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms are demonstrated by the simulations.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about hierarchical federated learning over wireless multi-cell networks and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, methods, and outcomes described in the abstract are unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Liu, S. R., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    The acute and persisting impact of COVID-19 on trajectories of adolescent depression: Sex differences and social connectedness.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF AFFECTIVE DISORDERS 299: 246-255.
[Abstract] Background: The COVID-19 era is a time of unprecedented stress, and there is widespread concern regarding its short- and long-term mental health impact. Adolescence is a sensitive period for the emergence of latent psychopathology vulnerabilities, often activated by environmental stressors. The present study examined COVID19 ' s impact on adolescent depression and possible influences of different domains of social connectedness (loneliness, social media use, social video game time, degree of social activity participation). Methods: A community sample of 175 adolescents (51% boys, mean age = 16.01 years) completed questionnaires once before and twice during the COVID-19 pandemic. Piecewise growth modeling examined the acute (7 weeks) and persistent (8 months) effects of COVID-19 on depressive symptoms, and differences across sex and social connectedness. Results: Significant increases in depressive symptoms followed pandemic onset for boys and girls. However, this increase was earlier and more pronounced among girls than boys, whose depression only increased significantly during the persistent period and to a lesser degree. Trajectories of depression were influenced by loneliness and social connections. Limitations: Most participants had economic stability and minimal exposure to the virus. Exacerbation of depressive symptoms may be more severe in higher risk populations. Conclusions: Adolescent depression levels have increased during COVID-19, and are higher for girls and those who are lonely. Enhanced screening and management for adolescent depression and social connectedness could play a critical role in mitigating the negative mental health fallout of COVID-19 and future pandemics within this population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on adolescent depression, with an emphasis on sex differences and social connectedness. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Liu, T., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Investigation of the Average Shape and Principal Variations of the Human Talus Bone Using Statistic Shape Model.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN BIOENGINEERING AND BIOTECHNOLOGY 8.
[Abstract] Due to the complexity of articular interconnections and tenuous blood supply to the talus, talus fractures are often associated with complications (e.g., avascular necrosis). Currently, surgically fusing the talus to adjacent bones is widely used as treatment to talus fractures, but this procedure can greatly reduce mobility in the ankle and hindfoot. Alternatively, customized talus implants have shown an overall satisfactory patient feedback but with the limitation of high expenses and time-consuming manufacturing process. In order to circumvent these disadvantages, universal talus implants have been proposed as a potential solution. In our study, we aimed to develop a methodology using Statistical Shape Model (SSM) to simulate the talus, and then evaluate the feasibility of the model to obtain the mean shape needed for universal implant design. In order to achieve this, we registered 98 tali (41 females and 57 males) and used the registered dataset to train our SSM. We used the mean shape derived from the SSM as the basis for our talus implant template, and compared our template with that of previous works. We found that our SSM mean shape talus implant was geometrically similar to implants from other works, which used a different method for the mean shape. This suggests the feasibility of SSM as a method of finding mean shape information for the development of universal implants. A second aim of our study was to investigate if one scalable talus implant can accommodate all patients. In our study, we focused on addressing this from a geometric perspective as there are multiple factors impacting this (e.g., articular surface contact characteristics, implant material properties). Our initial findings are that the first two principal components should be afforded consideration for the geometrical accuracy of talus implant design. Additional factors would need to be further evaluated for their role in informing universal talus implant design.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development of a statistical shape model for the human talus bone to aid in the design of universal talus implants. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Liu, W.-I. (2020). 
[Title]    [New Opportunities for Healthcare Driven by Smart Technology].
[Journal]  Hu li za zhi The journal of nursing 67(5): 4-5.
[Abstract] Taiwan officially entered the era of negative population growth in 2020, with the number of births falling below the number of deaths. Taiwan society is facing the severe problems of low birthrate and aging population, which will exacerbate the social gap in medical resources. Fortunately, rapid progress in developing smart technologies (Button et al., 2014) should bring new opportunities for healthcare. Therefore, the focus of and approach to healthcare should be adjusted (While & Dewsbury, 2011). On the one hand, applying smart technology in medical / nursing staff education offers myriad opportunities for improvement (Car et al., 2019), including using virtual reality in training, using mobile technology tools in education, and using Internet of Things technology to assist medical/nursing staff in the clinical-care process. Moreover, smart education technology will play an important, auxiliary role in the healthcare field in terms of mobile applications, robot practice, simulation experience, digital medicine, and telemedicine and influence the future of medical/nursing health care education (Bajpai et al., 2019). On the other hand, using smart technology to promote healthcare through various innovative healthcare design activities will help develop older-adult-friendly technology products, systems, services, and even living environments (Wang et al., 2015). These include remote home care systems, smart homes, rehabilitation systems, environment-assisted living, intelligent mobile assistance systems, communication platforms and social networks, accompanying robots, and interactive entertainment technology, among others. Smart technology will provide family members and professional medical staffs with more-convenient and efficient healthcare support, maximize the effectiveness of healthcare resources, and drive the development of related industries (Insel, 2017). The title of this column is interdisciplinary applications of healthcare and technology: education, research, and practice. In using smart technology to support healthcare, key research and practical issues will be how to apply related innovations to promote medical education, combine clinical research, and effectively integrate smart technology into healthcare.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract discusses the general application of smart technology in healthcare, education, and support for the elderly. It does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in older people. The paper also does not mention any randomized controlled trials or specific results related to exergames.

[Author]   Liu, W.-Y., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Effects of Pulmonary Rehabilitation on Gait Characteristics in Patients with COPD.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF CLINICAL MEDICINE 8(4).
[Abstract] Pulmonary rehabilitation (PR) improves lower-limb muscle function in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). However, it remains unclear whether patients improve gait characteristics, in particular stride-to-stride fluctuations that are associated with fall risks. This study aims to identify whether, and to what extent, PR affects positively gait characteristics in COPD. In this prospective observational study, 44 COPD patients (aged: 62 +/- 7 years; Forced expiratory volume in 1 s 56 +/- 20% predicted) performed self-paced, treadmill 6-min-walk tests (Gait Real-time Analysis Interactive Lab) before and after PR, while spatiotemporal parameters and center of mass position were recorded (100 Hz, Vicon Nexus). Standard deviation, coefficient of variation, predictability (sample entropy), and consistency in organization (local divergence exponent) were calculated. Sub-analysis was performed to identify gait differences between good and poor responders (<30 m change in a 6-min-walk distance). Patients demonstrated shorter stride times (p = 0.001) and improved lower-limb muscle function (p < 0.001) following PR. The good responders had a greater increase in stride length (p < 0.001) and a greater decrease in stride time (p < 0.001) compared to the poor responders. Current PR improved stride time in patients, while movement patterns within stride-to-stride fluctuations did not change. Training programs specifically targeting balance issues and gait function may be beneficial in improving gait characteristics in COPD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is pulmonary rehabilitation (PR), which does not involve exergames. Additionally, the study is a prospective observational study, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Liu, X., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Novel risk-factor analysis and risk-evaluation model of falls in patients receiving maintenance hemodialysis.
[Journal]  RENAL FAILURE 45(1).
[Abstract] This study investigated the prevalence of falls in maintenance hemodialysis (MHD) patients, and established a nomogram model for evaluating the fall risk of MHD patients. This study enrolled 303 MHD patients from the dialysis department of a tertiary hospital in July 2021. The general data of the participants, as well as the scores on the FRAIL scale, Sarcopenia Screening Questionnaire (SARC-F), Short Physical Performance Battery (SPPB) Scale, and of anxiety and depression, and the occurrence of falls were recorded. Using R language, data were assigned to the training set (n = 212) and test set (n = 91), and a logistic regression model was established. The regression model was verified by the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, area under the curve (AUC), and the calibration curve. As a result, the prevalence of falls in MHD patients was 20.46%. Risk factors for falls in the optimal multivariate logistic regression model included hearing impairment, the depression score, and the SPPB score, of which a higher depression score (odds ratio (OR): 1.28, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.09-1.49, p = 0.002) and SPPB <= 6 (OR (vs) (SPPB9-12): 3.69, 95% CI: 1.04-13.14, p = 0.043) conferred independent risk for falls. AUC of the nomogram in the training was 0.773, which in the test group was 0.663. The calibration and standard curves were fitted closely, indicated that the evaluation ability of the model was good. Thus, a higher depression score and SPPB <= 6 are independent risk factors for falls in MHD patients, and the nomogram with good accuracy and discrimination that was established in this study has clinical application value.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on analyzing risk factors for falls in patients receiving maintenance hemodialysis and developing a nomogram model for evaluating fall risk. It does not mention any exergame interventions or randomized controlled trials related to exergames.

[Author]   Liu, X., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Development of numerical model-based machine learning algorithms for different healing stages of distal radius fracture healing.
[Journal]  COMPUTER METHODS AND PROGRAMS IN BIOMEDICINE 233.
[Abstract] Background and objectives: Early therapeutic exercises are vital for the healing of distal radius fractures (DRFs) treated with the volar locking plate. However, current development of rehabilitation plans us-ing computational simulation is normally time-consuming and requires high computational power. Thus, there is a clear need for developing machine learning (ML) based algorithms that are easy for end-users to implement in daily clinical practice. The purpose of the present study is to develop optimal ML algo-rithms for designing effective DRF physiotherapy programs at different stages of healing.Method: First, a three-dimensional computational model for the healing of DRF was developed by inte-grating mechano-regulated cell differentiation, tissue formation and angiogenesis. The model is capable of predicting time-dependant healing outcomes based on different physiologically relevant loading condi-tions, fracture geometries, gap sizes, and healing time. After being validated using available clinical data, the developed computational model was implemented to generate a total of 3600 clinical data for train-ing the ML models. Finally, the optimal ML algorithm for each healing stage was identified.Results: The selection of the optimal ML algorithm depends on the healing stage. The results from this study show that cubic support vector machine (SVM) has the best performance in predicting the healing outcomes at the early stage of healing, while trilayered ANN outperforms other ML algorithms in the late stage of healing. The outcomes from the developed optimal ML algorithms indicate that Smith fractures with medium gap sizes could enhance the healing of DRF by inducing larger cartilaginous callus, while Colles fractures with large gap sizes may lead to delayed healing by bringing excessive fibrous tissues.Conclusions: ML represents a promising approach for developing efficient and effective patient-specific rehabilitation strategies. However, ML algorithms at different healing stages need to be carefully chosen before being implemented in clinical applications. (c) 2023 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development of machine learning algorithms for predicting the healing outcomes of distal radius fractures, and it does not mention exergames or any interventions aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The focus is on computational models and machine learning to design effective physiotherapy programs for fracture healing, which is unrelated to the use of exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Liu, Y., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Variability in performance of genetic-enhanced DXA-BMD prediction models across diverse ethnic and geographic populations: A risk prediction study.
[Journal]  PLOS MEDICINE 21(8).
[Abstract] Background Osteoporosis is a major global health issue, weakening bones and increasing fracture risk. Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) is the standard for measuring bone mineral density (BMD) and diagnosing osteoporosis, but its costliness and complexity impede widespread screening adoption. Predictive modeling using genetic and clinical data offers a cost-effective alternative for assessing osteoporosis and fracture risk. This study aims to develop BMD prediction models using data from the UK Biobank (UKBB) and test their performance across different ethnic and geographical populations. Methods and findings We developed BMD prediction models for the femoral neck (FNK) and lumbar spine (SPN) using both genetic variants and clinical factors (such as sex, age, height, and weight), within 17,964 British white individuals from UKBB. Models based on regression with least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO), selected based on the coefficient of determination (R2) from a model selection subset of 5,973 individuals from British white population. These models were tested on 5 UKBB test sets and 12 independent cohorts of diverse ancestries, totaling over 15,000 individuals. Furthermore, we assessed the correlation of predicted BMDs with fragility fractures risk in 10 years in a case-control set of 287,183 European white participants without DXA-BMDs in the UKBB. With single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) inclusion thresholds at 5x10-6 and 5x10-7, the prediction models for FNK-BMD and SPN-BMD achieved the highest R2 of 27.70% with a 95% confidence interval (CI) of [27.56%, 27.84%] and 48.28% (95% CI [48.23%, 48.34%]), respectively. Adding genetic factors improved predictions slightly, explaining an additional 2.3% variation for FNK-BMD and 3% for SPN-BMD over clinical factors alone. Survival analysis revealed that the predicted FNK-BMD and SPN-BMD were significantly associated with fragility fracture risk in the European white population (P < 0.001). The hazard ratios (HRs) of the predicted FNK-BMD and SPN-BMD were 0.83 (95% CI [0.79, 0.88], corresponding to a 1.44% difference in 10-year absolute risk) and 0.72 (95% CI [0.68, 0.76], corresponding to a 1.64% difference in 10-year absolute risk), respectively, indicating that for every increase of one standard deviation in BMD, the fracture risk will decrease by 17% and 28%, respectively. However, the model's performance declined in other ethnic groups and independent cohorts. The limitations of this study include differences in clinical factors distribution and the use of only SNPs as genetic factors. Conclusions In this study, we observed that combining genetic and clinical factors improves BMD prediction compared to clinical factors alone. Adjusting inclusion thresholds for genetic variants (e.g., 5x10(-6) or 5x10(-7)) rather than solely considering genome-wide association study (GWAS)-significant variants can enhance the model's explanatory power. The study highlights the need for training models on diverse populations to improve predictive performance across various ethnic and geographical groups.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and testing bone mineral density (BMD) prediction models using genetic and clinical data, with the aim of assessing osteoporosis and fracture risk. It does not involve the use of exergames or any form of exercise intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on predictive modeling and its performance across different ethnic and geographical populations, rather than on an intervention targeting older people with exergames.

[Author]   Liu, Z., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Machine-learning model for the prediction of acute orthostatic hypotension after levodopa administration.
[Journal]  CNS NEUROSCIENCE & THERAPEUTICS 30(3).
[Abstract] BackgroundLevodopa could induce orthostatic hypotension (OH) in Parkinson's disease (PD) patients. Accurate prediction of acute OH post levodopa (AOHPL) is important for rational drug use in PD patients. Here, we develop and validate a prediction model of AOHPL to facilitate physicians in identifying patients at higher probability of developing AOHPL.MethodsThe study involved 497 PD inpatients who underwent a levodopa challenge test (LCT) and the supine-to-standing test (STS) four times during LCT. Patients were divided into two groups based on whether OH occurred during levodopa effectiveness (AOHPL) or not (non-AOHPL). The dataset was randomly split into training (80%) and independent test data (20%). Several models were trained and compared for discrimination between AOHPL and non-AOHPL. Final model was evaluated on independent test data. Shapley additive explanations (SHAP) values were employed to reveal how variables explain specific predictions for given observations in the independent test data.ResultsWe included 180 PD patients without AOHPL and 194 PD patients with AOHPL to develop and validate predictive models. Random Forest was selected as our final model as its leave-one-out cross validation performance [AUC_ROC 0.776, accuracy 73.6%, sensitivity 71.6%, specificity 75.7%] outperformed other models. The most crucial features in this predictive model were the maximal SBP drop and DBP drop of STS before medication (Delta SBP/Delta DBP). We achieved a prediction accuracy of 72% on independent test data. Delta SBP, Delta DBP, and standing mean artery pressure were the top three variables that contributed most to the predictions across all individual observations in the independent test data.ConclusionsThe validated classifier could serve as a valuable tool for clinicians, offering the probability of a patient developing AOHPL at an early stage. This supports clinical decision-making, potentially enhancing the quality of life for PD patients.We achieved a prediction accuracy of 72% on test data for prediction of acute orthostatic hypotension post levodopa (AOHPL) of Parkinson's disease patients. This validated classifier could help clinicians obtain the probability of developing AOHPL of a patient early, providing a support tool for clinical decision.image
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a machine-learning model to predict acute orthostatic hypotension after levodopa administration in Parkinson's disease patients. It does not mention the use of exergames, nor is it focused on preventing falls in the elderly. The intervention and the target population do not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ljubic, B., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Influence of medical domain knowledge on deep learning for Alzheimer's disease prediction.
[Journal]  COMPUTER METHODS AND PROGRAMS IN BIOMEDICINE 197.
[Abstract] Background and objective: Alzheimer's disease (AD) is the most common type of dementia that can seriously affect a person's ability to perform daily activities. Estimates indicate that AD may rank third as a cause of death for older people, after heart disease and cancer. Identification of individuals at risk for developing AD is imperative for testing therapeutic interventions. The objective of the study was to determine could diagnostics of AD from EMR data alone (without relying on diagnostic imaging) be significantly improved by applying clinical domain knowledge in data preprocessing and positive dataset selection rather than setting naive filters.Methods: Data were extracted from the repository of heterogeneous ambulatory EMR data, collected from primary care medical offices all over the U.S. Medical domain knowledge was applied to build a positive dataset from data relevant to AD. Selected Clinically Relevant Positive (SCRP) datasets were used as inputs to a Long-Short-Term Memory (LSTM) Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) deep learning model to predict will the patient develop AD.Results: Risk scores prediction of AD using the drugs domain information in an SCRP AD dataset of 2,324 patients achieved high out-of-sample score 0.98-0.99 Area Under the Precision-Recall Curve (AUPRC) when using 90% of SCRP dataset for training. AUPRC dropped to 0.89 when training the model using less than 1,500 cases from the SCRP dataset. The model was still significantly better than when using naive dataset selection.Conclusion: The LSTM RNN method that used data relevant to AD performed significantly better when learning from the SCRP dataset than when datasets were selected naively. The integration of qualitative medical knowledge for dataset selection and deep learning technology provided a mechanism for significant improvement of AD prediction.Accurate and early prediction of AD is significant in the identification of patients for clinical trials, which can possibly result in the discovery of new drugs for treatments of AD. Also, the contribution of the proposed predictions of AD is a better selection of patients who need imaging diagnostics for differential diagnosis of AD from other degenerative brain disorders. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using deep learning, specifically an LSTM RNN model, to predict Alzheimer's disease from electronic medical records (EMR) data. It does not involve exergames or any form of exercise intervention, and it does not focus on preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Loncomilla, P., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    A Novel Methodology for Assessing the Fall Risk Using Low-Cost and Off-the-Shelf Devices.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON HUMAN-MACHINE SYSTEMS 44(3): 406-415.
[Abstract] Early detection of fall risk can reduce health costs associated with surgery, rehabilitation, imaging studies, hospitalizations, and medical evaluations. This paper proposes a measurement-focused study oriented to evaluate a new methodology for assessing fall risk using low-cost and off-the-shelf devices. The proposed methodology consists of a data acquisition system, a data analysis system, and a fall risk assessment system. The data acquisition system is composed by a standard notebook computer and video game input devices: a Kinect, a Wii balance board, and two Wii motion controllers. The data analysis system and the fall risk assessment system, in turn, use signal processing, data mining, and computational intelligence methods, in order to analyze the acquired data for determining the fall risk of the subject under analysis. This methodology includes six static and two dynamic tests. Experiments were conducted on a population of 37 subjects: 16 with falling background, and 21 with nonfalling background. These two groups have the same age distribution. As nonlinear binary classification techniques were used, methodologies based on confidence intervals are not applicable and then tenfold cross validation was used to estimate accuracy. Hence, such a methodology can classify the fall risk as high or low, with an accuracy of 89.2%. The proposed methodology allows the construction of low-cost, portable, replicable, objective, and reliable fall risk assessment systems.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on developing and evaluating a methodology for assessing fall risk using low-cost and off-the-shelf devices, including video game input devices. However, it does not describe an intervention that uses exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study is more about the assessment of fall risk rather than an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, while the population includes older people, the primary aim is not to use exergames as an intervention but to use these devices for data acquisition in assessing fall risk.

[Author]   Long, J. D. and J. A. Mills (2018). 
[Title]    Joint modeling of multivariate longitudinal data and survival data in several observational studies of Huntington's disease.
[Journal]  BMC MEDICAL RESEARCH METHODOLOGY 18.
[Abstract] Background: Joint modeling is appropriate when one wants to predict the time to an event with covariates that are measured longitudinally and are related to the event. An underlying random effects structure links the survival and longitudinal submodels and allows for individual-specific predictions. Multiple time-varying and time-invariant covariates can be included to potentially increase prediction accuracy. The goal of this study was to estimate a multivariate joint model on several longitudinal observational studies of Huntington's disease, examine external validity performance, and compute individual-specific predictions for characterizing disease progression. Emphasis was on the survival submodel for predicting the hazard of motor diagnosis.Methods: Data from four observational studies was analyzed: Enroll-HD, PREDICT-HD, REGISTRY, and Track-HD. A Bayesian approach to estimation was adopted, and external validation was performed using a time-varying AUC measure. Individual-specific cumulative hazard predictions were computed based on a simulation approach. The cumulative hazard was used for computing predicted age of motor onset and also for a deviance residual indicating the discrepancy between observed diagnosis status and model-based status.Results: The joint model trained in a single study had very good performance in discriminating among diagnosed and pre-diagnosed participants in the remaining test studies, with the 5-year mean AUC=.83 (range .77-.90), and the 10-year mean AUC=.86 (range .82-.92). Graphical analysis of the predicted age of motor diagnosis showed an expected strong relationship with the trinucleotide expansion that causes Huntington's disease. Graphical analysis of the deviance-type residual revealed there were individuals who converted to a diagnosis despite having relatively low model-based risk, others who had not yet converted despite having relatively high risk, and the majority falling between the two extremes.Conclusions: Joint modeling is an improvement over traditional survival modeling because it considers all the longitudinal observations of covariates that are predictive of an event. Predictions from joint models can have greater accuracy because they are tailored to account for individual variability. These predictions can provide relatively accurate characterizations of individual disease progression, which might be important in the timing of interventions, determining the qualification for appropriate clinical trials, and general genotypic analysis.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on joint modeling of multivariate longitudinal data and survival data in observational studies of Huntington's disease, with an emphasis on predicting the hazard of motor diagnosis. It does not meet the criteria for targeting older people, using exergames as an intervention, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Long, S., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Surgical Skill Can be Objectively Measured From Fluoroscopic Images Using a Novel Image-based Decision Error Analysis (IDEA) Score.
[Journal]  CLINICAL ORTHOPAEDICS AND RELATED RESEARCH 479(6): 1386-1394.
[Abstract] Background To advance orthopaedic surgical skills training and assessment, more rigorous and objective performance measures are needed. In hip fracture repair, the tip-apex distance is a commonly used summative performance metric with clear clinical relevance, but it does not capture the skill exercised during the process of achieving the final implant position. This study introduces and evaluates a novel Image-based Decision Error Analysis (IDEA) score that better captures performance during fluoroscopically-assisted wire navigation. Questions/purposes (1) Can wire navigation skill be objectively measured from a sequence of fluoroscopic images? (2) Are skill behaviors observed in a simulated environment also exhibited in the operating room? Additionally, we sought to define an objective skill metric that demonstrates improvement associated with accumulated surgical experience. Methods Performance was evaluated both on a hip fracture wire navigation simulator and in the operating room during actual fracture surgery. After examining fluoroscopic image sequences from 176 consecutive simulator trials (performed by 58 first-year orthopaedic residents) and 21 consecutive surgical procedures (performed by 19 different orthopaedic residents and one attending orthopaedic surgeon), three main categories of erroneous skill behavior were identified: off-target wire adjustments, out-of-plane wire adjustments, and off-target drilling. Skill behaviors were measured by comparing wire adjustments made between consecutive images against the goal of targeting the apex of the femoral head as part of our new IDEA scoring methodology. Decision error metrics (frequency, magnitude) were correlated with other measures (image count and tip-apex distance) to characterize factors related to surgical performance on both the simulator and in the operating room. An IDEA composite score integrating decision errors (off-target wire adjustments, out-of-plane wire adjustments, and off-target drilling) and the final tip-apex distance to produce a single metric of overall performance was created and compared with the number of hip wire navigation cases previously completed (such as surgeon experience levels). Results The IDEA methodology objectively analyzed 37,000 images from the simulator and 688 images from the operating room. The number of decision errors (7 +/- 5 in the operating room and 4 +/- 3 on the simulator) correlated with fluoroscopic image count (33 +/- 14 in the operating room and 20 +/- 11 on the simulator) in both the simulator and operating room environments (R-2 = 0.76; p < 0.001 and R-2 = 0.71; p < 0.001, respectively). Decision error counts did not correlate with the tip-apex distance (16 +/- 4 mm in the operating room and 12 +/- 5 mm on the simulator) for either the simulator or the operating room (R-2 = 0.08; p = 0.15 and R-2 = 0.03; p = 0.47, respectively), indicating that the tip-apex distance is independent of decision errors. The IDEA composite score correlated with surgical experience (R-2 = 0.66; p < 0.001). Conclusion The fluoroscopic images obtained in the course of placing a guide wire contain a rich amount of information related to surgical skill. This points the way to an objective measure of skill that also has potential as an educational tool for residents. Future studies should expand this analysis to the wide variety of procedures that rely on fluoroscopic images.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the development and evaluation of a novel Image-based Decision Error Analysis (IDEA) score for measuring surgical skill in orthopaedic procedures, specifically in hip fracture repair. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Lou, W.-G., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    [Real-time traking and virtual reality technology-assisted trauma orthopaedic surgery robot for femoral neck fractures].
[Journal]  Zhongguo gu shang = China journal of orthopaedics and traumatology 37(2): 124-128.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effectiveness of real-time tracking and virtual reality technology（RTVI） used to assist the intraoperative alignment of the trauma orthopaedic surgery robot for the treatment of femoral neck fractures and its impact on the treatment outcome.METHODS: A retrospective analysis was conducted on 60 patients with femoral neck fractures treated with trauma orthopedic robotic surgery from September 2020 to September 2022. Patients were divided into two groups according to whether RTVI technology was used during surgery to assist robotic surgery. There were 28 patients in the RTVI group （12 males and 16 females）, with an average age of （46.2±9.3） years old ranging from 28 to 60 years old. There were 32 patients in the simple Tianji surgical robot group, including 15 males and 17 females, aged （48.2±7.8） years old ranging from 32 to 58. The number of registered fluoroscopy, operation time, total number of intraoperative fluoroscopy, intraoperative blood loss, and hospitalization time of the two groups of patients were observed and recorded. All patients received regular follow-up after surgery, and hip X-rays were routinely reviewed to record Garden alignment index, fracture healing time, postoperative complications, and Harris score.RESULTS: All 60 patients were followed up. The RTVI group was followed up for 9 to 16 months with an average of （13.0±1.2） months, and the Tianji surgical robot group alone was followed up for 10 to 14 months with an average of （12.0±1.3） months. During the follow-up period, the femoral neck fractures of both groups of patients healed well, and no complications such as internal fixation loosening and incision infection occurred. The number of registered fluoroscopy, operation time, and number of intraoperative fluoroscopy of patients in the RTVI group were significantly better than those in the simple Tianji surgical robot group（P<0.01）. There was no statistically significant difference in intraoperative blood loss, hospital stay, Garden alignment index, fracture healing time, and hip Harris score between two groups（P>0.05）.CONCLUSION: Although RTVI technology assisted by the surgical robot for femoral neck fracture surgery has little impact on its postoperative outcome, it can effectively reduce the operating time, the number of intraoperative X-ray projections, and the risk of intraoperative radiation exposure to patients. It also shortened the learning curve of the operator and better reflected the precision and efficiency of the trauma orthopaedic surgery robot.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effectiveness of real-time tracking and virtual reality technology (RTVI) in assisting the alignment of a surgical robot for treating femoral neck fractures. The intervention targets are patients with femoral neck fractures, and the average age range is 28 to 60 years old, which does not specifically target older people. Additionally, the study is a retrospective analysis, not a randomized controlled trial, and it does not involve exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Louis, G., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Development and validation of a predictive model combining patient-reported outcome measures, spirometry and exhaled nitric oxide fraction for asthma diagnosis.
[Journal]  ERJ OPEN RESEARCH 9(1).
[Abstract] Introduction Although asthma is a common disease, its diagnosis remains a challenge in clinical practice with both over- and underdiagnosis. Here, we performed a prospective observational study investigating the value of symptom intensity scales alone or combined with spirometry and exhaled nitric oxide fraction (FENO) to aid in asthma diagnosis.Methods Over a 38-month period we recruited 303 untreated patients complaining of symptoms suggestive of asthma (wheezing, dyspnoea, cough, sputum production and chest tightness). The whole cohort was split into a training cohort (n=166) for patients recruited during odd months and a validation cohort (n=137) for patients recruited during even months. Asthma was diagnosed either by a positive reversibility test (>= 12% and >= 200 mL in forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1)) and/or a positive bronchial challenge test (provocative concentration of methacholine causing a 20% fall in FEV1.8 mg.mL(-1)). In order to assess the diagnostic performance of symptoms, spirometric indices and FENO, we performed receiver operating characteristic curve analysis and multivariable logistic regression to identify the independent factors associated with asthma in the training cohort. Then, the derived predictive models were applied to the validation cohort.Results 63% of patients in the derivation cohort and 58% of patients in the validation cohort were diagnosed as being asthmatic. After logistic regression, wheezing was the only symptom to be significantly associated with asthma. Similarly, FEV1 (% pred), FEV1/forced vital capacity (%) and FENO were significantly associated with asthma. A predictive model combining these four parameters yielded an area under the curve of 0.76 (95% CI 0.66-0.84) in the training cohort and 0.73 (95% CI 0.65-0.82) when applied to the validation cohort.Conclusion Combining a wheezing intensity scale with spirometry and FENO may help in improving asthma diagnosis accuracy in clinical practice.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and validation of a predictive model for asthma diagnosis using patient-reported outcome measures, spirometry, and exhaled nitric oxide fraction. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not related to preventing falls in the elderly. The study design is a prospective observational study, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Low, S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Development and validation of a predictive model for Chronic Kidney Disease progression in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus based on a 13-year study in Singapore.
[Journal]  DIABETES RESEARCH AND CLINICAL PRACTICE 123: 49-54.
[Abstract] Aims: This study aims to develop and validate a predictive model for Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) progression in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM).Methods: We conducted a prospective study on 1582 patients with T2DM from a Diabetes Centre in regional hospital in 2002-2014. CKD progression was defined as deterioration across eGFR categories with >= 25% drop from baseline. The dataset was randomly split into development (70%) and validation (30%) datasets. Stepwise multivariable logistic regression was used to identify baseline predictors for model development. Model performance in the two datasets was assessed.Results: During median follow-up of 5.5 years, 679 (42.9%) had CKD progression. Progression occurred in 467 (42.2%) and 212 patients (44.6%) in development and validation datasets respectively. Systolic blood pressure, HbA1c, estimated glomerular filtration rate and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio were associated with progression. Areas under receiving-operating- characteristics curve for the training and test datasets were 0.80 (95% CI, 0.77-0.83) and 0.83 (95% CI, 0.79-0.87). Observed and predicted probabilities by quintiles were not statistically different with Hosmer-Lemeshow chi(2) 0.65 (p = 0.986) and 1.36 (p = 0.928) in the two datasets. Sensitivity and specificity were 71.4% and 72.2% in development dataset, and 75.6% and 72.3% in the validation dataset.Conclusions: A model using routinely available clinical measurements can accurately predict CKD progression in T2DM. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and validating a predictive model for Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) progression in patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). It does not involve exergames, fall prevention, or any interventions targeting older people. The study focuses on using clinical measurements to predict CKD progression, which is unrelated to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Lu, Z., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Automatic Multilabel Classification of Multiple Fundus Diseases Based on Convolutional Neural Network With Squeeze-and-Excitation Attention.
[Journal]  TRANSLATIONAL VISION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY 12(1).
[Abstract] Purpose: Automatic multilabel classification of multiple fundus diseases is of importance for ophthalmologists. This study aims to design an effective multilabel classification model that can automatically classify multiple fundus diseases based on color fundus images.Methods: We proposed a multilabel fundus disease classification model based on a convolutional neural network to classify normal and seven categories of common fundus diseases. Specifically, an attention mechanism was introduced into the network to further extract information features from color fundus images. The fundus images with eight categories of labels were applied to train, validate, and test our model. We employed the validation accuracy, area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC), and F1-score as performance metrics to evaluate our model.Results: Our proposed model achieved better performance with a validation accuracy of 94.27%, an AUC of 85.80%, and an F1-score of 86.08%, compared to two state-of-the-art models. Most important, the number of training parameters has dramatically dropped by three and eight times compared to the two state-of-the-art models.Conclusions: This model can automatically classify multiple fundus diseases with not only excellent accuracy, AUC, and F1-score but also significantly fewer training parameters and lower computational cost, providing a reliable assistant in clinical screening.Translational Relevance: The proposed model can be widely applied in large-scale multiple fundus disease screening, helping to create more efficient diagnostics in primary care settings.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and evaluation of a convolutional neural network for the automatic classification of multiple fundus diseases using color fundus images. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Lubetzky, A. V., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Decrease in head sway as a measure of sensory integration following vestibular rehabilitation: A randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF VESTIBULAR RESEARCH-EQUILIBRIUM & ORIENTATION 33(3): 213-226.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine the extent to which sensory integration strategies via head sway, derived from a Head-Mounted Display (HMD), change in people with vestibular disorders following vestibular rehabilitation.DESIGN: Randomized Controlled TrialSETTING: Vestibular Rehabilitation ClinicPARTICIPANTS: Thirty participants with vestibular dysfunction and 21 age-matched controls.MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Participants experienced two levels of visual surround (static or moving 'stars', front to back at 0.2 Hz, 32 mm) and white noise (none or rhythmic) while their head sway was recorded via the HTC Vive. We quantified head sway via Directional Path (DP) and Root Mean Square Velocity (RMSV) in 5 directions: anterior-posterior, medio-lateral, pitch, yaw, and roll and Power Spectral Density in low (PSD 1), medium (PSD 2) and high (PSD 3) frequencies in the anterior-posterior direction.INTERVENTIONS: Participants performed the assessment prior to being randomized into 8-weeks of contextual sensory integration training in virtual reality or traditional vestibular rehabilitation and once again following completion of the intervention. Controls performed the assessment once. Twelve participants dropped out, half due to covid lock-down. We applied an intention to treat analysis.RESULTS: We observed significant increases in AP DP, RMSV and all PSDs with change in visual level. Both intervention groups significantly decreased medio-lateral, pitch and roll DP and RMSV and anterior-posterior PSD 2 with no group differences. Vestibular participants were significantly higher than controls on all outcomes pre rehabilitation. Post rehabilitation they were only significantly higher on PSD 2. Sound was not a significant predictor of head sway in this protocol.CONCLUSIONS: Head sway decreased following vestibular rehabilitation regardless of visual load or type of intervention applied. This change was measured via head kinematics derived from a portable HMD which can serve as a sensitive in-clinic assessment for tracking improvement over time
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) and traditional vestibular rehabilitation to improve sensory integration in people with vestibular disorders. While it does involve a randomized controlled trial and the use of a Head-Mounted Display (HMD), the primary focus is on reducing head sway and improving sensory integration, not specifically on preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, the participants are individuals with vestibular dysfunction, which may include older people but is not exclusively focused on the elderly population. Therefore, the paper does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Lubetzky, A. V., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Control Mechanisms of Static and Dynamic Balance in Adults With and Without Vestibular Dysfunction in Oculus Virtual Environments.
[Journal]  PM&R 10(11): 1223-+.
[Abstract] Background: Deficits in sensory integration and fear of falling in complex environments contribute to decreased participation of adults with vestibular disorders. With recent advances in virtual reality technology, head-mounted displays are affordable and allow manipulation of the environment to test postural responses to visual changes.Objectives: To develop an assessment of static and dynamic balance with the Oculus Rift and (1) to assess test-retest reliability of each scene in adults with and without vestibular hypofunction; (2) to describe changes in directional path and sample entropy in response to changes in visuals and surface and compare between groups; and (3) to evaluate the relation between balance performance and self-reported disability and balance confidence.Design: Test-retest, blocked-randomized experimental design.Setting: Research laboratory.Participants: Twenty-five adults with vestibular hypofunction and 16 age-and sex-matched adults.Methods: Participants stood on the floor or stability trainers while wearing the Oculus Rift. For 3 moving "stars" scenes, they stood naturally. For a "park" scene, they were asked to avoid a virtual ball. The protocol was repeated 1-4 weeks later.Outcome: Anteroposterior and mediolateral center-of-pressure directional path and sample entropy were derived from a force plate.Results: We observed good to excellent reliability in the 2 groups, with most intraclass correlations above 0.8 and only 2 at approximately 0.4. The vestibular group had higher directional path for the stars scenes and lower directional path for the park scene compared with controls, with large variability in the 2 groups. Sample entropy decreased with more challenging environments. In the vestibular group, less balance confidence strongly correlated with more sway for the stars scenes and less sway for the park scene.Conclusion: Virtual reality paradigms can shed light on the control mechanism of static and dynamic postural control. Clinical utility and implementation of our portable Oculus Rift assessment should be further studied.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on developing and assessing an evaluation tool for static and dynamic balance using the Oculus Rift in adults with and without vestibular hypofunction. It does not specifically target older people, nor does it describe an intervention aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the study is a test-retest, blocked-randomized experimental design, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Luca, A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Innovative Educational Pathways in Spine Surgery: Advanced Virtual Reality-Based Training.
[Journal]  WORLD NEUROSURGERY 140: 674-680.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Over the past few years, a reorganization of the educational pathways has been promoted with the purpose of optimizing the acquisition of competences and their assessment, so as to reduce the risks to both health care professionals and end users. Virtual reality (VR) has been repeatedly tested, initially as a positive reinforcement for more traditional educational pathways and, more recently, as their potential substitute. The aim of this study was to demonstrate the potentiality of VR simulation training in spine surgery.METHODS: The VR simulator reproduced the lateral lumbar access to the spine. The simulation included a tutorial, the preoperative settings, and the surgical session with different levels of procedural complexity. A total of 10 users were recruited for this study: 3 senior surgeons (group A) and 7 orthopedic residents or junior orthopedic surgeons (group B). Each user completed the simulation twice.RESULTS: The user's age or previous experience with VR technology did not show any relevance. On average, the entire simulation was completed in 24'36'. Group B showed an improvement between the 2 attempts in both sessions, the preoperative settings and the surgical simulation. The number of major errors dropped from an average of 5.2 to 1.8 and from an average of 4 (maximum 6-minimum 1) to 1.4, respectively. The simulation was never interrupted because of technical bugs or adverse effects related to the technology.CONCLUSIONS: VR-based training pathways might promote a high standard of care. Our preliminary experience suggests an effective implementation of the traditional coaching process.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) for training in spine surgery, specifically focusing on the educational pathways for healthcare professionals. It does not target older people, and the intervention is not aimed at preventing falls. The study also does not report a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ludwig, C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Telephone-based communication training in the era of COVID-19.
[Journal]  GMS JOURNAL FOR MEDICAL EDUCATION 38(1).
[Abstract] Introduction: In the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, alternatives to established and proven formats had to be found in university teaching within a very short time. In the case of the SkillsLab at the Dorothea Erxleben Lernzentrum Halle (Saale) at the Martin Luther University Halle (Saale)-Wittenberg, this meant in relation to the communication courses that a considerable proportion of the simulation participants of advanced age or with pre-existing conditions were suddenly no longer available for conversation simulations in teaching.Project description: In the course of the seminar "Conversation with relatives - dealing with relatives" in the 8th semester, the conversation simulation was therefore adapted at short notice and converted into a telephone conversation. Thus, the simulation subjects were able to participate remotely and the students had the opportunity to test their doctor-patient conversation skills with regard to telephone calls in a safe environment.Results: The focus on nonverbal techniques and the departure from the usual face-to-face setting was perceived by students and simulation subjects alike as a positive stimulus and particularly challenging. The lack of visual impressions had made empathic conversation more difficult.Discussion and Conclusions: The positive experiences from this project should be used to expand the communication curriculum in the future to include telephone-based conversations with simulation subjects. Ideally, it would then be possible for the simulation persons to be present in the future after the conversation for feedback mediation and group discussion.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the abstract is a telephone-based communication training for medical students, and it does not involve exergames or any form of exercise or fall prevention for older people.

[Author]   Lugade, V., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    An Artificial Neural Network Estimation of Gait Balance Control in the Elderly Using Clinical Evaluations.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 9(5).
[Abstract] The use of motion analysis to assess balance is essential for determining the underlying mechanisms of falls during dynamic activities. Clinicians evaluate patients using clinical examinations of static balance control, gait performance, cognition, and neuromuscular ability. Mapping these data to measures of dynamic balance control, and the subsequent categorization and identification of community dwelling elderly fallers at risk of falls in a quick and inexpensive manner is needed. The purpose of this study was to demonstrate that given clinical measures, an artificial neural network (ANN) could determine dynamic balance control, as defined by the interaction of the center of mass (CoM) with the base of support (BoS), during gait. Fifty-six elderly adults were included in this study. Using a feed-forward neural network with back propagation, combinations of five functional domains, the number of hidden layers and error goals were evaluated to determine the best parameters to assess dynamic balance control. Functional domain input parameters included subject characteristics, clinical examinations, cognitive performance, muscle strength, and clinical balance performance. The use of these functional domains demonstrated the ability to quickly converge to a solution, with the network learning the mapping within 5 epochs, when using up to 30 hidden nodes and an error goal of 0.001. The ability to correctly identify the interaction of the CoM with BoS demonstrated correlation values up to 0.89 (P<.001). On average, using all clinical measures, the ANN was able to estimate the dynamic CoM to BoS distance to within 1 cm and BoS area to within 75 cm(2). Our results demonstrated that an ANN could be trained to map clinical variables to biomechanical measures of gait balance control. A neural network could provide physicians and patients with a cost effective means to identify dynamic balance issues and possible risk of falls from routinely collected clinical examinations.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using an artificial neural network (ANN) to estimate gait balance control in the elderly based on clinical evaluations. It does not involve the use of exergames as an intervention, nor does it report on a randomized controlled trial. The focus is on the development and validation of an ANN model for predicting dynamic balance control.

[Author]   Lund, H. H. and J. D. Jessen (2014). 
[Title]    Effects of Short-Term Training of Community-Dwelling Elderly with Modular Interactive Tiles.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 3(5): 277-283.
[Abstract] Objective: The objective of this study is to test for the increased mobility, agility, balancing, and general fitness of community-dwelling elderly individuals as a result of short-term training involving playing with modular interactive tiles (Entertainment Robotics, Odense, Denmark) at two community activity centers for the elderly. Three different tests from the Senior Fitness Test were used in order to test a variety of health parameters of the community-dwelling elderly, including those parameters related to fall prevention.Materials and Methods: Eighteen community-dwelling elderly individuals (63-95 years of age; mean, 83.2 years of age) were assessed in one intervention group without the use of a control group. The intervention group performed nine group sessions (1-1.5 hours each) of playful training with the modular interactive tiles over a 12-week period in two community activity centers for the elderly. Data were collected using pre-tests and post-tests of the 6-Minute Walk Test (6MWT), the 8-foot Timed Up & Go Test (TUG), and the Chair-Stand Test (CS). Data were analyzed for statistically significant differences and increases of means.Results: The 6MWT, TUG, and CS measurements showed statistically significant differences and increases of means between the pre-tests and post-tests with the 6MWT (P < 0.001) (means difference, 22.4 percent), TUG (P < 0.001) (means difference, 15 percent), and CS (P < 0.002) (means difference, 14 percent). Fifty-six percent of the elderly progressed from one health risk level to a better level, according to the three tests.Conclusions: Statistically significant increases in scores were found across all tests, suggesting an improvement of many different health parameters for the elderly. Well-established research has shown the relationship between such test scores and fall incidents, balancing, mobility, agility, etc. This significant improvement in the health status of the elderly is obtained in as few as nine training sessions over a 12-week period of "playing'' exergames with the modular interactive tiles.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes an intervention using modular interactive tiles to improve mobility, agility, balancing, and general fitness in community-dwelling elderly individuals. However, it does not meet the criteria for a randomized controlled trial (RCT), as it only includes one intervention group without a control group. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Luo, B., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Using deep learning models in magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography images to diagnose common bile duct stones.
[Journal]  SCANDINAVIAN JOURNAL OF GASTROENTEROLOGY 59(1): 118-124.
[Abstract] Backgrounds and aims: Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography (MRCP) plays a significant role in diagnosing common bile duct stones (CBDS). Currently, there are no studies to detect CBDS by using the deep learning (DL) model in MRCP. This study aimed to use the DL model You Only Look Once version 5 (YOLOv5) to diagnose CBDS in MRCP images and verify its validity compared to the accuracy of radiologists.Methods: By collecting the thick-slab MRCP images of patients diagnosed with CBDS, 4 submodels of YOLOv5 were used to train and validate the performance. Precision, recall rate, and mean average precision (mAP) were used to evaluate model performance. Analyze possible reasons that may affect detection accuracy by validating MRCP images in 63 CBDS patients and comparing them with radiologist detection accuracy. Calculate the correctness of YOLOv5 for detecting one CBDS and multiple CBDS separately.Results: The precision of YOLOv5l (0.970) was higher than that of YOLOv5x (0.909), YOLOv5m (0.874), and YOLOv5s (0.939). The mAP did not differ significantly between the 4 submodels, with the following results: YOLOv5l (0.942), YOLOv5x (0.947), YOLO5s (0.927), and YOLOv5m (0.946). However, in terms of training time, YOLOv5s was the fastest (4.8 h), detecting CBDS in only 7.2 milliseconds per image. In 63 patients the YOLOv5l model detected CBDS with an accuracy of 90.5% compared to 92.1% for radiologists, analyzing the difference between the positive group successfully identified and the unidentified negative group not. The incorporated variables include common bile duct diameter > 1 cm (p = .560), combined gallbladder stones (p = .706), maximum stone diameter (p = .057), combined cholangitis (p = .846), and combined pancreatitis (p = .656), and the number of CBDS (p = .415). When only one CBDS was present, the accuracy rate reached 94%. When multiple CBDSs were present, the recognition rate dropped to 70%.Conclusion: YOLOv5l is the model with the best results and is almost as accurate as the radiologist's detection of CBDS and is also capable of detecting the number of CBDS. Although the accuracy of the test gradually decreases as the number of stones increases, it can still be useful for the clinician's initial diagnosis.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using deep learning models, specifically the YOLOv5 model, to diagnose common bile duct stones in magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography (MRCP) images. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not related to fall prevention. The study focuses on the accuracy of a deep learning model compared to radiologists in detecting common bile duct stones. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Luo, W., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    OSTEOPOROSIS DIAGNOSTIC MODEL USING A MULTICHANNEL CONVOLUTIONAL NEURAL NETWORK BASED ON QUANTITATIVE ULTRASOUND RADIOFREQUENCY SIGNAL.
[Journal]  ULTRASOUND IN MEDICINE AND BIOLOGY 48(8): 1590-1601.
[Abstract] Quantitative ultrasound (QUS) is a promising screening method for osteoporosis. In this study, a new method to improve the diagnostic accuracy of QUS was established in which a multichannel convolutional neural network (MCNN) processes the raw radiofrequency (RF) signal of QUS. The improvement in the diagnostic accuracy of osteoporosis using this new method was evaluated by comparison with the conventional speed of sound (SOS) method. Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was used as the diagnostic standard. After being trained, validated and tested in a data set consisting of 274 participants, the MCNN model could significantly raise the accuracy of osteoporosis diagnosis compared with the SOS method. The adjusted MCNN model performed even better when adjusted by age, height and weight data. The sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of the adjusted MCNN method for osteoporosis diagnosis were 80.86%, 84.23% and 83.05%, respectively; the corresponding values for SOS were 50.60%, 73.68% and 66.67%. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of the adjusted MCNN method was also higher than that of SOS (0.846 vs. 0.679). In conclusion, our study indicates that the MCNN method may be more accurate than the conventional SOS method. The MCNN tool and ultrasound RF signal analysis are promising future developmental directions for QUS in screening for osteoporosis.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and evaluating a new method for diagnosing osteoporosis using a multichannel convolutional neural network (MCNN) based on quantitative ultrasound (QUS) radiofrequency signals. It does not involve exergames, nor does it target fall prevention in the elderly. The focus is on improving the diagnostic accuracy of osteoporosis, which is a different topic from the use of exergames to prevent falls.

[Author]   Luther, S. L., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Improving Identification of Fall-Related Injuries in Ambulatory Care Using Statistical Text Mining.
[Journal]  AMERICAN JOURNAL OF PUBLIC HEALTH 105(6): 1168-1173.
[Abstract] Objectives. We determined whether statistical text mining (STM) can identify fall-related injuries in electronic health record (EHR) documents and the impact on STM models of training on documents from a single or multiple facilities.Methods. We obtained fiscal year 2007 records for Veterans Health Administration (VHA) ambulatory care clinics in the southeastern United States and Puerto Rico, resulting in a total of 26 010 documents for 1652 veterans treated for fall-related injury and 1341 matched controls. We used the results of an STM model to predict fall-related injuries at the visit and patient levels and compared them with a reference standard based on chart review.Results. STM models based on training data from a single facility resulted in accuracy of 87.5% and 87.1%, F-measure of 87.0% and 90.9%, sensitivity of 92.1% and 94.1%, and specificity of 83.6% and 77.8% at the visit and patient levels, respectively. Results from training data from multiple facilities were almost identical.Conclusions. STM has the potential to improve identification of fall-related injuries in the VHA, providing a model for wider application in the evolving national EHR system.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using statistical text mining to identify fall-related injuries in electronic health records, not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the paper does not involve exergames, and it focuses on a method for data analysis rather than a physical intervention.

[Author]   Ma, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Development and validation of a predictive model for preoperative deep vein thrombosis following traumatic thoracolumbar fractures.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 14(1).
[Abstract] Although a sequential work-up for deep vein thrombosis has reached agreement worldwide, the mysterious nature of DVT following fractures brings challenges to early diagnosis and intervention. The objective of the present study was to develop and validate a nomogram for predicting preoperative DVT risk in patients with thoracolumbar fractures using readily available clinical data. Of the 1350 patients, 930 were randomly assigned to the training cohort. A prediction model was established and visualized as a nomogram based on eight predictors related to preoperative DVT. The performance of the model was tested by the receiver operating characteristic curve, Hosmer-Lemeshow test, calibration curve, and decision curve analysis. We further verified the model in the validation cohort. The AUCs of the prediction model were 0.876 and 0.853 in training and validation cohorts, respectively. The Hosmer-Lemeshow test demonstrated good fitness in the training set (X2 = 5.913, P = 0.749) and the validation set (X2 = 9.460, P = 0.396). Calibration and decision curve analyses performed well in training and validation sets. In short, we developed a prediction model for preoperative DVT risk in patients with thoracolumbar fractures and verified its accuracy and clinical utility.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and validating a predictive model for preoperative deep vein thrombosis (DVT) in patients with thoracolumbar fractures. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ma, L., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    The impact of external and internal focus of attention on visual dependence and EEG alpha oscillations during postural control.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 19(1).
[Abstract] Background: The ability to maintain upright posture requires successful integration of multiple sensory inputs (visual, vestibular, and somatosensory). When one or more sensory systems become unreliable, the postural control system must"down-weight" (or reduce the influence of) those senses and rely on other senses to maintain postural stability. As individuals age, their ability to successfully reweight sensory inputs diminishes, leading to increased fall risk. The present study investigates whether manipulating attentional focus can improve the ability to prioritize different sensory inputs for postural control.Methods: Forty-two healthy adults stood on a balance board while wearing a virtual reality (VR) head-mounted display. The VR environment created a multisensory conflict amongst the different sensory signals as participants were tasked with maintaining postural stability on the balance board. Postural sway and scalp electroencephalography (EEG) were measured to assess visual weighting and cortical activity changes. Participants were randomized into groups that received different instructions on where to focus their attention during the balance task.Results: Following the instructions to direct attention toward the movement of the board (external focus group) was associated with lower visual weighting and better balance performance than when not given any instructions on attentional focus (control group). Following the instructions to direct attention towards movement of the feet (internal focus group) did not lead to any changes in visual weighting or balance performance. Both external and internal focus groups exhibited increased EEG alpha power (8-13 Hz) activity over the occipital cortex as compared to the control group.Conclusions: Current results suggest that directing one's attention externally, away from one's body, may optimize sensory integration for postural control when visual inputs are incongruent with somatosensory and vestibular inputs. Current findings may be helpful for clinicians and researchers in developing strategies to improve sensorimotor mechanisms for balance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study does involve a virtual reality (VR) environment and includes older adults, the primary focus is on the impact of attentional focus on visual dependence and EEG alpha oscillations during postural control. The study does not specifically target fall prevention through exergames, and it does not report results from a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ma, P., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Development and validation of a deep-broad ensemble model for early detection of Alzheimer's disease.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN NEUROSCIENCE 17.
[Abstract] IntroductionAlzheimer's disease (AD) is a chronic neurodegenerative disease of the brain that has attracted wide attention in the world. The diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease is faced with the difficulties of insufficient manpower and great difficulty. With the intervention of artificial intelligence, deep learning methods are widely used to assist clinicians in the early recognition of Alzheimer's disease. And a series of methods based on data input with different dimensions have been proposed. However, traditional deep learning models rely on expensive hardware resources and consume a lot of training time, and may fall into the dilemma of local optima. MethodsIn recent years, broad learning system (BLS) has provided researchers with new research ideas. Based on the three-dimensional residual convolution module and BLS, a novel broad-deep ensemble model based on BLS is proposed for the early detection of Alzheimer's disease. The Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) MRI image dataset is used to train the model and then we compare the performance of proposed model with previous work and clinicians' diagnosis. ResultsThe result of experiments demonstrate that the broad-deep ensemble model is superior to previously proposed related works, including 3D-ResNet and VoxCNN, in accuracy, sensitivity, specificity and F1. DiscussionThe proposed broad-deep ensemble model is effective for early detection of Alzheimer's disease. In addition, the proposed model does not need the pre-training process of its depth module, which greatly reduces the training time and hardware dependence.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and validation of a deep-broad ensemble model for the early detection of Alzheimer's disease using MRI images. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the paper is an AI-based diagnostic tool, not an exergame, and it does not target fall prevention.

[Author]   Ma, X., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Application and exploration of mixed reality technology in accurate operation of percutaneous vertebroplasty of spine.
[Journal]  Journal of Shanghai Jiaotong University .Medical Science 39(6): 636-641.
[Abstract] Objective·To explore the application and clinical significance of mixed reality technology in percutaneous vertebroplasty of spine.Methods·A 79-year-old female patient with multiple osteoporotic compression fractures was selected in Department of Orthopedics,Shanghai General Hospital,Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine.Lumbar 64-row CT scan was performed to obtain digital imaging and communications in medicine (DICOM) data.Three-dimensional reconstruction software was imported to construct the model of spinal compression fracture.Visual edge detection,segmentation,extraction and calculation of spinal skeleton were performed to generate a three-dimensional network.Collateral model,by mixed reality smartglasses,three-dimensional image of the compression spine image was compared to the real world.Mixed reality technology could assist the surgeon to complete the preoperative simulation,communicate effectively with the patient,and guide percutaneous vertebroplasty of lumber.Results·With mixed reality,the puncture was accurate.The distribution of bone cement was good.The pain of patients was relieved obviously after operation.By mixed reality,the operation time was shortened and the side-effects were reduced.Based on reconstruction of mixed reality technology from original CT imaging data,the compression fracture and anatomical structure were visualized clearly during operation.The operation path was clear and the compression fracture forming site was accurately located.Conclusion·Mixed reality technology is helpful for accurate puncture in percutaneous vertebroplasty of spine,and has potential for development in minimally invasive treatment of spine.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the application of mixed reality technology in percutaneous vertebroplasty, a surgical procedure. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a medical procedure, and the target is a specific patient rather than a group of older people. Additionally, the study does not involve an exergame or a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Macedo, C., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Influence of sensory information on static balance in older patients with vestibular disorder.
[Journal]  BRAZILIAN JOURNAL OF OTORHINOLARYNGOLOGY 81(1): 50-57.
[Abstract] Introduction: With aging, the sensory systems suffer an accumulation of degenerative, infectious and/or traumatic processes that may hinder the body balance maintenance.Objective: To assess the influence of sensory information on static body balance of elderly individuals with vestibular disorders.Methods: Cross-sectional study of elderly individuals with vestibular disorders. The Clinical Test of Sensory Interaction and Balance and posturography integrated with virtual reality (Balance Rehabilitation Unit (TM)) were used. Posturography parameters analyzed included center of pressure and velocity of body sway.Results: 123 individuals with mean age of 73.11 were assessed. Worst performance was observed in the Clinical Test of Sensory Interaction and Balance condition of visual dome-unstable surface. Differences between conditions were: firm surface-open eyes/firm surface-closed eyes, unstable surface-open eyes/unstable surface-closed eyes (p<0.001), and unstable surface-closed eyes/unstable surface-visual dome. Considering center of pressure and velocity of body sway, significant differences were observed between the following conditions: firm surface-open eyes/firm surface-closed eyes: firm surface-saccadic stimulus/firm surface-vertical optokinetic stimulus; firm surface-optokinetic stimuli/firm surface-visual-vestibular interaction; and firm surface-visual-vestibular interaction/unstable surface. Worse performances were observed in conditions firm surface-closed eyes, firm surface-vertical optokinetic stimulus, F-visual-vestibular interaction, and unstable surface-closed eyes. There was a difference in the center of pressure between firm surface-closed eyes/firm surface-saccadic stimulus, with a worse performance in the condition of firm surface-closed eyes, and of velocity of body sway, between firm surface-saccadic stimulus/firm surface-horizontal optokinetic stimulus (p<0.001).Conclusion: Static body balance in elderly individuals with vestibular disorders is worse when the sensory conditions are more challenging, i.e. stable and unstable surfaces, visual stimuli, such as optokinetic and visual-vestibular interaction, and with the eyes closed. (C) 2014 Associacao Brasileira de Otorrinolaringologia e Cirurgia Cervico-Facial. Published by Elsevier Editora Ltda. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about assessing the influence of sensory information on static body balance in elderly individuals with vestibular disorders. While it does use virtual reality (Balance Rehabilitation Unit) as part of the assessment, it is not an exergame intervention. The study is also a cross-sectional study, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Machado, F., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    A novel mixed reality assistive system to aid the visually and mobility impaired using a multimodal feedback system.
[Journal]  DISPLAYS 79.
[Abstract] Most of the people affected by vision impairments are over 50 years old, which amplifies cognitive impairments and the risk of falling. This paper proposes a mixed reality assistive system to aid the navigation of visually impaired people by using a Smart Walker, audio feedback to provide cues to be followed, and vibratory feedback to indicate obstacles. To validate this system, 24 volunteers participated of three tasks consisting in a combination of a control strategy (Free Roam, Steering-Assisted Navigation, and Virtual Trail) and a path. To evaluate the experiments, task performance metrics and three questionnaires (Quality of Experience, SUS, and NASA-TLX) were assessed. According to SUS, all control strategies scored above 70, indicating their acceptability. Analyzing and comparing the questionnaires results and the strategies used, the Steering-Assisted Navigation, in which the volunteers had to follow a path indicated only by the haptic feedback provided by the controller, was the most physically and mentally demanding. The other two strategies required less effort, physical, and mental demand. Despite requiring different cognitive loads for navigation, all control strategies combined with the multimodal sensory feedback guided the volunteers during the tasks, evidencing the feasibility of the system.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a mixed reality assistive system designed to aid navigation for visually and mobility impaired individuals, using a Smart Walker, audio feedback, and vibratory feedback. While the participants are over 50 years old, the focus is on navigation assistance rather than fall prevention through exergames. Additionally, the study does not report a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Madhuranga, P. V. H., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Improving balance with wobble board exercises in stroke patients: single-blind, randomized clinical trial.
[Journal]  TOPICS IN STROKE REHABILITATION 26(8): 595-601.
[Abstract] Background: A primary objective in stroke rehabilitation is to restore functional balance, in order to reduce falls. Objectives: To identify the efficacy and safety of wobble board exercises when combined with conventional physiotherapy, in improving balance in hemiplegic patients following ischemic strokes. Methods: A block-randomized, controlled, observer blinded, superiority trial was conducted on ambulatory hemiplegic patients following ischemic strokes of middle cerebral artery territory. Subjects in the control group received a conventional physiotherapy regime. Subjects in the intervention group received training on a wobble board combined with conventional physiotherapy. Main Outcome measures were the improvement of Four-Square Step Test (FSST) and the Berg Balance Scale (BBS), both of which assess functional balance at the end of 6 weeks. Results: Thirty patients were randomly assigned for intervention (n = 15) and control (n = 15) groups. One patient dropped out from the study, leaving 29 eligible for the analysis. Intervention and control groups were comparable in sociodemographic characteristics and pre-test scores of balance. A repeated-measures MANOVA showed a significant difference in improvement of balance between the two study groups after 6 weeks [F(1,28) = 32.6,p = .000; Wilk's lambda = .46]. The improvement of mean score of balance in interventional group was greater than in the control group [BBS:9.5 (intervention group),5.5 (control group); FSST:3.9 (intervention group),1.7 (control group)]. There were no injuries in both groups. Conclusions: Wobble board exercises, when combined with the conventional physiotherapy, are safe and effective in restoring functional balance in patients with hemiplegia following ischemic strokes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention involves wobble board exercises, which are not considered exergames (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, cognitive training, etc.). Additionally, while the study targets stroke patients, it is not specifically focused on older people, and the primary aim is to improve balance rather than to prevent falls.

[Author]   Maetz, J.-Y., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Modeling of Precipitation Hardening during Coiling of Nb-Mo Steels.
[Journal]  METALS 8(10).
[Abstract] Nb-Mo low-alloyed steels are promising advanced high strength steels (AHSS) because of the highly dislocated bainitic ferrite microstructure conferring an excellent combination of strength and toughness. In this study, the potential of precipitation strengthening during coiling for hot-strip Nb-Mo-bearing low-carbon steels has been investigated using hot-torsion and aging tests to simulate the hot-rolling process including coiling. The obtained microstructures were characterized using electron backscatter diffraction (EBSD), highlighting the effects of Nb and Mo additions on formation and tempering of the bainitic ferrite microstructures. Further, the evolution of nanometer-sized precipitates was quantified with high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HR-TEM). The resulting age hardening kinetics have been modelled by combining a phenomenological precipitation strengthening model with a tempering model. Analysis of the model suggests a narrower coiling temperature window to maximize the precipitation strengthening potential in bainite/ferrite high strength low-alloyed (HSLA) steels than that for conventional HSLA steels with polygonal ferrite/pearlite microstructures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper "Modeling of Precipitation Hardening during Coiling of Nb-Mo Steels" is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the metallurgical properties and processing of Nb-Mo low-alloyed steels, specifically the effects of precipitation strengthening during the coiling process. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention, target population, or methodology related to exergames and fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Mai Ba, H. and J. Kim (2022). 
[Title]    The Effects of Combined Physical and Cognitive Interventions on Direct and Indirect Fall Outcomes for the Elderly with Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Systematic Review.
[Journal]  HEALTHCARE 10(5).
[Abstract] This review was intended to determine the effectiveness of physical and cognitive training (PCT) on falls and fall-related factors and cognitive function among community-dwelling elderly people with mild cognitive impairment (MCI). A systematic literature search was performed of the MEDLINE, CINAHL, Web of Sciences, Scopus, ProQuest, Embase, and Google Scholar databases for articles published from 2010 to 2020. The studies that combined PCT to assess their impacts on fall outcomes both directly and indirectly were included. Study quality was assessed using the standardized JBI Critical Appraisal Tool for RCTs. The standardized data extraction tool from JBI-MAStARI was used to extract data of included studies. Seven RCTs involving 740 participants were included. The overall fall incidence did not significantly decrease after the interventions. However, PCT significantly impacted the cognitive function and physical activities of elderly people with MCI, particularly improving their balancing ability, gait speed, muscular strength, and executive functions. This study indicated that combining PCT improves balance ability, gait speed, and executive functioning in the elderly with MCI, which may help to minimize fall occurrence.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that examines the effectiveness of combined physical and cognitive training (PCT) on falls and fall-related factors in elderly people with mild cognitive impairment. While it does discuss interventions that could potentially reduce falls, it does not specifically focus on exergames. Additionally, the paper is a review and does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Maidan, I., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Evidence for Differential Effects of 2 Forms of Exercise on Prefrontal Plasticity During Walking in Parkinson's Disease.
[Journal]  NEUROREHABILITATION AND NEURAL REPAIR 32(3): 200-208.
[Abstract] Background. In a randomized control trial conducted in patients with Parkinson's disease, a treadmill training program combined with virtual reality that targeted motor and cognitive aspects of safe ambulation led to fewer falls, compared with treadmill training alone. Objective. To investigate if the 2 types of training differentially affected prefrontal activation and if this might explain differences in fall rates after the intervention. Methods. Sixty-four patients with Parkinson's disease were randomized into the treadmill training arm (n = 34, mean age 73.1 +/- 1.1 years, 64% men, disease duration 9.7 +/- 1.0 years) or treadmill training with virtual reality arm (n = 30, mean age 70.1 +/- 1.3 years, 71% men, disease duration 8.9 +/- 1.1 years). Prefrontal activation during usual, dual-task, and obstacle negotiation walking was assessed before and after 6 weeks of training, using a functional near-infrared spectroscopy system. Results. Treadmill training with and without virtual reality reduced prefrontal activation during walking (P < .001), with specific interactions related to training arm (P = .01), lateralization (P = .05), and walking condition (P = .001). For example, among the subjects who trained with treadmill training alone, prefrontal activation during dual-task walking and obstacle negotiation increased after training, while in the combined training arm, activation decreased. Conclusions. Prefrontal activation during usual and during more challenging walking conditions can be altered in response to 2 different types of training. The addition of a cognitive training component to a treadmill exercise program apparently modifies the effects of the training on the magnitude and lateralization of prefrontal activation and on falls, extending the understanding of the plasticity of the brain in PD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve a virtual reality component and reports on a randomized controlled trial, the primary focus is on patients with Parkinson's disease and the differential effects of two forms of exercise (treadmill training alone vs. treadmill training with virtual reality) on prefrontal plasticity during walking. The study does mention that the intervention led to fewer falls, but the main objective and results are centered on prefrontal activation and brain plasticity, not specifically on fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Maidan, I., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Disparate effects of training on brain activation in Parkinson disease.
[Journal]  NEUROLOGY 89(17): 1804-1810.
[Abstract] Objective: To compare the effects of 2 forms of exercise, i.e., a 6-week trial of treadmill training with virtual reality (TT + VR) that targets motor and cognitive aspects of safe ambulation and a 6-week trial of treadmill training alone (TT), on brain activation in patients with Parkinson disease (PD).Methods: As part of a randomized controlled trial, patients were randomly assigned to 6 weeks of TT (n = 17, mean age 71.5 +/- 1.5 years, disease duration 11.6 +/- 1.6 years; 70% men) or TT 1 VR (n = 17, mean age 71.2 +/- 1.7 years, disease duration 7.9 +/- 1.4 years; 65% men). A previously validated fMRI imagery paradigm assessed changes in neural activation pretraining and post-training. Participants imagined themselves walking in 2 virtual scenes projected in the fMRI: (1) a clear path and (2) a path with virtual obstacles. Whole brain and region of interest analyses were performed.Results: Brain activation patterns were similar between training arms before the interventions. After training, participants in the TT + VR arm had lower activation than the TT arm in Brodmann area 10 and the inferior frontal gyrus (cluster level familywise error-corrected [FWEcorr] p < 0.012), while the TT armhad lower activation than TT + VR in the cerebellum and middle temporal gyrus (cluster level FWEcorr p < 0.001). Changes in fall frequency and brain activation were correlated in the TT + VR arm.Conclusions: Exercise modifies brain activation patterns in patients with PD in a mode-specific manner. Motor-cognitive training decreased the reliance on frontal regions, which apparently resulted in improved function, perhaps reflecting increased brain efficiency.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation: Although the paper involves older people (mean age around 71 years) and uses a form of exergame (treadmill training with virtual reality), the primary focus is on comparing the effects of different forms of exercise on brain activation in patients with Parkinson's disease. The study does not specifically target fall prevention, and the results are primarily related to changes in brain activation patterns rather than reporting on the prevention of falls. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Maier, J., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Force-feedback assisted and virtual fixtures based K-wire drilling simulation.
[Journal]  COMPUTERS IN BIOLOGY AND MEDICINE 114.
[Abstract] One common method to fix fractures of the human hand after an accident is an osteosynthesis with Kirschner wires (K-wires) to stabilize the bone fragments. The insertion of K-wires is a delicate minimally invasive surgery, because surgeons operate almost without a sight. Since realistic training methods are time consuming, costly and insufficient, a virtual-reality (VR) based training system for the placement of K-wires was developed. As part of this, the current work deals with the real-time bone drilling simulation using a haptic force-feedback device.To simulate the drilling, we introduce a virtual fixture based force-feedback drilling approach. By decomposition of the drilling task into individual phases, each phase can be handled individually to perfectly control the drilling procedure. We report about the related finite state machine (FSM), describe the haptic feedback of each state and explain, how to avoid jerking of the haptic force-feedback during state transition.The usage of the virtual fixture approach results in a good haptic performance and a stable drilling behavior. This was confirmed by 26 expert surgeons, who evaluated the virtual drilling on the simulator and rated it as very realistic. To make the system even more convincing, we determined real drilling feed rates through experimental pig bone drilling and transferred them to our system. Due to a constant simulation thread we can guarantee a precise drilling motion.Virtual fixtures based force-feedback calculation is able to simulate force-feedback assisted bone drilling with high quality and, thus, will have a great potential in developing medical applications.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a virtual-reality (VR) based training system for the placement of Kirschner wires (K-wires) in surgical procedures. The intervention targets surgeons, not older people, and the focus is on surgical training rather than fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Majkowska, A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Chest Radiograph Interpretation with Deep Learning Models: Assessment with Radiologist-adjudicated Reference Standards and Population-adjusted Evaluation.
[Journal]  RADIOLOGY 294(2): 421-431.
[Abstract] Background: Deep learning has the potential to augment the use of chest radiography in clinical radiology, but challenges include poor generalizability, spectrum bias, and difficulty comparing across studies.Purpose: To develop and evaluate deep learning models for chest radiograph interpretation by using radiologist-adjudicated reference standards.Materials and Methods: Deep learning models were developed to detect four findings (pneumothorax, opacity, nodule or mass, and fracture) on frontal chest radiographs. This retrospective study used two data sets. Data set 1 (DS1) consisted of 759611 images from a multicity hospital network and ChestX-ray14 is a publicly available data set with 112 120 images. Natural language processing and expert review of a subset of images provided labels for 657 954 training images. Test sets consisted of 1818 and 1962 images from DS1 and ChestX-ray14, respectively. Reference standards were defined by radiologist-adjudicated image review. Performance was evaluated by area under the receiver operating characteristic curve analysis, sensitivity, specificity, and positive predictive value.Four radiologists reviewed test set images for performance comparison. Inverse probability weighting was applied to DS1 to account for positive radiograph enrichment and estimate population-level performance.Results: In DS1, population-adjusted areas under the receiver operating characteristic curve for pneumothorax, nodule or mass,airspace opacity, and fracture were, respectively, 0.95 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.91, 0.99), 0.72 (95% CI: 0.66, 0.77),0.91 (95% CI: 0.88, 0.93), and 0.86 (95% CI: 0.79, 0.92). With ChestX-ray14, areas under the receiver operating characteristic curve were 0.94 (95% CI: 0.93, 0.96), 0.91 (95% CI: 0.89, 0.93), 0.94 (95% CI: 0.93, 0.95), and 0.81 (95% CI: 0.75, 0.86),respectively.Conclusion: Expert-level models for detecting clinically relevant chest radiograph findings were developed for this study by using adjudicated reference standards and with population-level performance estimation. Radiologist-adjudicated labels for 2412 ChestX-ray 14 validation set images and 1962 test set images are provided. (C) RSNA, 2019
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and evaluation of deep learning models for interpreting chest radiographs, specifically focusing on detecting certain findings like pneumothorax, opacity, nodule or mass, and fracture. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not related to preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Maleki, N. S., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Cumulative health risk assessment of pesticide residues in apple products in the Northwest of Iran using Monte Carlo simulation.
[Journal]  FOOD ADDITIVES AND CONTAMINANTS PART A-CHEMISTRY ANALYSIS CONTROL EXPOSURE & RISK ASSESSMENT 40(8): 992-1010.
[Abstract] Pesticide residues in fruits and vegetables cause serious health issues, especially among children. This research was carried out to monitor and evaluate the risks of organophosphate pesticide residues in Maragheh County apple products from 2020. The Monte Carlo Simulation approach (MCS) was used to evaluate the non-cancerous effects of exposure to pesticide residues in adults and children. Apple samples were taken every two weeks at the Maragheh central market during the summer and fall months. In this study, seventeen pesticide residues in 30 apple samples were estimated using a modified QuECheRS extraction technique coupled with GC/MS. Of the seventeen organophosphate pesticides, thirteen were identified as pesticide residues (76.47%). The highest concentration found in the apple samples was associated with chlorpyrifos pesticide at 1.05 mg/kg. Pesticide residues exceeding the maximum residue limits (MRLs) were found in 100% of apple specimens, and more than 75% of the samples contained ten or more pesticide residues. Approximately 45%-80% of pesticide residues on apple samples were removed after washing and peeling. Chlorpyrifos pesticide had the highest health quotient (HQ) for men, women, and children with values of 0.046, 0.054, and 0.23, respectively. Cumulative risk assessment (CRA) of non-carcinogenic effects indicates that there is no significant health risk in the adult age group from apple consumption (HI < 1). Nevertheless, children are at high non-cancer risk from eating unwashed apples (HI = 1.3). This finding shows that high levels of pesticide residues in apple samples, especially unwashed apples, can be a serious concern for the health of children. To better protect consumer health, continuous and regular monitoring, strict regulations, training, and awareness of farmers, especially control pre-harvest interval (PHI) is recommended.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the assessment of health risks associated with pesticide residues in apple products, using a Monte Carlo simulation. It does not discuss exergames or any interventions aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Malik, A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    How players across gender and age experience Pokemon Go?
[Journal]  UNIVERSAL ACCESS IN THE INFORMATION SOCIETY 19(4): 799-812.
[Abstract] The purpose of this study is to provide insights into player experiences and motivations in Pokemon Go, a relatively new phenomenon of location-based augmented reality games. With the increasing usage and adoption of various forms of digital games worldwide, investigating the motivations for playing games has become crucial not only for researchers but for game developers, designers, and policy makers. Using an online survey (N = 1190), the study explores the motivational, usage, and privacy concerns variations among age and gender groups of Pokemon Go players. Most of the players, who are likely to be casual gamers, are persuaded toward the game due to nostalgic association and word of mouth. Females play Pokemon Go to fulfill physical exploration and enjoyment gratifications. On the other hand, males seek to accomplish social interactivity, achievement, coolness, and nostalgia gratifications. Compared to females, males are more concerned about the privacy aspects associated with the game. With regard to age, younger players display strong connotation with most of the studied gratifications and the intensity drops significantly with an increase in age. With the increasing use of online and mobile games worldwide among all cohorts of society, the study sets the way for a deeper analysis of motivation factors with respect to age and gender. Understanding motivations for play can provide researchers with the analytic tools to gain insight into the preferences for and effects of game play for different kinds of users.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the experiences and motivations of players, including those across different genders and ages, in playing Pokemon Go. It does not focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study is based on an online survey and does not involve a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Malisky, J. S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Evaluation of Quality of Life After Use the Virtual Reality in Patients with Neurodegenerative Disease.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL ARCHIVES OF OTORHINOLARYNGOLOGY 28(03): e523-e529.
[Abstract] Introduction Spinocerebellar ataxias (SCAs) are a heterogeneous group of neurodegenerative diseases.Objective To evaluate the living standard of patients with SCA, by applying the Vestibular Disorders Activities of Daily Living Scale (VADL) and Activitiesspecific Balance Confidence Scale (ABC) questionnaires.Methods An uncontrolled clinical trial study was conducted with 28 patients who underwent anamnesis, ENT evaluation, and vestibular assessment and the application of questionnaires VADL and ABC before and after rehabilitation with virtual reality.Results The vestibular exam was altered in 64.3% of the cases. The result between the correlation of the VADL and ABC questionnaires showed significant results in all cases (p<0.005). The correlation between the ages and disease length with the VADL and ABC questionnaires was significant in the T3 assessment (p = 0.015). The correlation between the disease length and the VADL questionnaire was significant in all cases (p<0.005). The comparison of the vestibular rehabilitation result (T1 to T2) showed a significant difference for all the applied games, except for the ski slalom. The comparison of the vestibular rehabilitation result ( T1 to T3) showed significant difference for all the applied games (p<0.005) (1st assessment before the start of rehabilitation designated T1, after 10 rehabilitation sessions, considered T2 and, at the end of 20 rehabilitation sessions, called T3).Conclusion We can point out a direct improvement in the living standard, reflected by the reduction of falls, better balance, and march, contributing to a higher self-confidence in patients in daily activities.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality for improving the quality of life in patients with spinocerebellar ataxias (SCAs), a neurodegenerative disease. While it mentions a reduction in falls and improvements in balance, the primary focus is on the quality of life and not specifically on preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study is an uncontrolled clinical trial, which does not meet the criteria of being a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Mangalam, M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Leveraging a virtual alley with continuously varying width modulates step width variability during self-paced treadmill walking.
[Journal]  NEUROSCIENCE LETTERS 793.
[Abstract] Increased fall risk in older adults and clinical populations is linked with increased amount and altered temporal structure of step width variability. One approach to rehabilitation seeks to reduce fall risk in older adults by reducing the amount of step width variability and restoring the temporal structure characteristic of healthy young adults. The success of such a program depends on our ability to modulate step width variability effectively. To this end, we investigated how manipulation of the visual walking space in a virtual environment could modulate the amount and temporal structure of step width variability. Nine healthy adults performed self-paced treadmill walking in a virtual alley in a fixed-width Control condition (1.91 m) and two conditions in which the alley's width oscillated sinusoidally at 0.03 Hz: between 0.38 and 1.14 m and 0.38-2.67 m in Narrow and Wide conditions, respectively. The step width time series from each condition was evaluated using: (i) the standard deviation to identify changes in the amount of variability and (ii) the fractal scaling exponent estimated using detrended fluctuation analysis (DFA) to identify changes in the temporal structure of variability in terms of persistence in fluctuations. The Wide condition neither affected the standard deviation nor the fractal scaling exponent of step width time series. The Narrow condition did not affect the standard deviation of step width time series compared to the Control condition but significantly increased its fractal scaling exponent compared to the Control and Wide conditions, suggestive of more persistent fluctuations characteristic of a healthy gait. These results show that virtual reality based rehabilitative intervention can modulate step width variability to potentially reduce fall risk in older adults and clinical populations.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation:
- The intervention targets in this study are nine healthy adults, not specifically older people.
- While the intervention involves a virtual environment, which could be considered a form of exergame, it is not explicitly stated that the purpose or design of the intervention is for fall prevention in the elderly. The focus is on modulating step width variability.
- The paper does not report results from a randomized controlled trial; it appears to be an experimental study.
- The abstract does mention the potential application to reduce fall risk in older adults, but the study itself does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Mangone, M., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Motor imagery and rehabilitation of a professional soccer player after anterior cruciate ligament injury: a case report.
[Journal]  MEDICINA DELLO SPORT 70(1): 109-115.
[Abstract] Anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injury is one of the most common musculoskeletal injuries; it is the third most important injury in elite athletes after muscular strains and fractures. Generally, an early rehabilitation is needed in order to obtain an optimal restoration of both knee joint stability and sensory function. In the first part of the rehabilitation phase, when the athlete cannot get the job done in the field yet, it can be useful to perform the action observation (AO) and motor imagery (MI) training. This is a case report about a 24-year-old professional soccer player who reported an ACL injury and medial collateral ligament (MCL) during a league game. During the rehabilitation period, the player has remained in close contact with his teammates, staying on the field right away during workouts, without participating actively. The technique of "motor imagery" and action observation were applied to reinforce the effect of rehabilitation and reduce recovery times. The follow-up consisted in a muscle strength evaluation with an isokinetic test and a postural assessment using a video-raster-stereography system "Formetric". At the end of the rehabilitation program, the player returned to the activity in less time than normal recovery time as described in literature.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of motor imagery and action observation in the rehabilitation of a professional soccer player after an anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injury. It does not target older people, and the intervention is not an exergame. Additionally, it is a case report, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Manlapaz, D. G., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    A Narrative Synthesis of Nintendo Wii Fit Gaming Protocol in Addressing Balance Among Healthy Older Adults: What System Works?
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 6(2): 65-74.
[Abstract] Background: Balance is crucial in performing functional tasks particularly among older adults. Exergaming is gaining attention as a novel approach to enhance balance in a number of clinical populations.Objectives: The aim of this review was to synthesize and present published evidence for Nintendo Wii Fit gaming system protocols. These include game preference, intervention setting, and exercise dosage for improving balance in healthy older adults. Commonly used outcome measures were also identified.Methods: A literature search was developed using the PICOS strategy using keywords such as "older adult," "Nintendo Wii Fit," "exergaming," and "balance" in the databases: MEDLINE, PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL, Scopus, Science Direct, and Web of Science.Results: Sixteen articles were included with participants (n=491) mostly female (69%), and mean age ranged between 71 and 85 years old. Participants were recruited mainly from the community. The most commonly used Wii Fit games were Table tilt, Soccer Heading, Ski Slalom, and Ski jump, performed three times per week, with a duration of 30 minutes per session for 6 weeks. Berg Balance Scale, Timed Up and Go Test, and Centre of Pressure were the most commonly used outcome measures.Conclusion: Wii Fit exergames can be a potential alternative to improve balance if safety and technical procedures are provided. With conflicting and mechanism-based evidence on dosage presented, exergaming parameters require further research before firm recommendations can be made. Clinically, effective dosage is an important component in any type of interventions, and exergaming should not be an exception.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a narrative synthesis, which means it reviews and synthesizes existing literature rather than presenting original data from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for inclusion based on the specified requirements.

[Author]   Manlapaz, D. G., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Exergaming to improve balance and decrease the risk of falling in adults with knee osteoarthritis: a mixed-methods feasibility study.
[Journal]  PHYSIOTHERAPY THEORY AND PRACTICE 38(13): 2428-2440.
[Abstract] Background Exergaming (exercise and gaming) is useful in improving balance in various health conditions, yet there is limited research regarding its application in individuals with knee osteoarthritis (OA). Objectives The primary aim of this study was to investigate the feasibility and acceptability of exergaming using Nintendo Wii Fit (TM) to improve balance and reduce the risk of falls in individuals with knee OA. Methods A mixed-methods explanatory sequential study design was utilized in this study. Participants with knee OA and history of falling participated in a single-group pre-post experimental study design: eight weeks of usual care followed by eight weeks of an exergaming program. This was followed by semi-structured focus groups to determine the acceptability of the study. Results The pre-defined feasibility criteria such as recruitment, retention rate (83%), and compliance (78%) were successfully met. The participants found the frequency and duration of the assessment and intervention sessions acceptable. Participants reported enjoying the exergaming, finding it motivating and interactive despite some barriers with technology. No adverse events were reported. There were encouraging results in the clinical outcome measures such as knee muscle strength, balance, fear of falling, and performance of physical function. Conclusion The study found that it is feasible and acceptable to use Nintendo Wii Fit (TM) as an exergaming tool to improve balance and decrease the risk of falling in adults with knee OA. Findings from this feasibility study are encouraging and support the need to conduct a fully powered randomized controlled trial study.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a feasibility study that uses exergaming (specifically, the Nintendo Wii Fit) to improve balance and reduce the risk of falls in adults with knee osteoarthritis. While it meets some of the criteria, such as targeting older people and using an exergame, it does not meet the requirement of being a randomized controlled trial. The study is a single-group pre-post experimental design, which is a feasibility study, and thus does not fully meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Mao, L., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Deep learning for screening primary osteopenia and osteoporosis using spine radiographs and patient clinical covariates in a Chinese population.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN ENDOCRINOLOGY 13.
[Abstract] PurposeMany high-risk osteopenia and osteoporosis patients remain undiagnosed. We proposed to construct a convolutional neural network model for screening primary osteopenia and osteoporosis based on the lumbar radiographs, and to compare the diagnostic performance of the CNN model adding the clinical covariates with the image model alone. MethodsA total of 6,908 participants were collected for analysis, including postmenopausal women and men aged 50-95 years, who performed conventional lumbar x-ray examinations and dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) examinations within 3 months. All participants were divided into a training set, a validation set, test set 1, and test set 2 at a ratio of 8:1:1:1. The bone mineral density (BMD) values derived from DXA were applied as the reference standard. A three-class CNN model was developed to classify the patients into normal BMD, osteopenia, and osteoporosis. Moreover, we developed the models integrating the images with clinical covariates (age, gender, and BMI), and explored whether adding clinical data improves diagnostic performance over the image mode alone. The receiver operating characteristic curve analysis was performed for assessing the model performance. ResultsAs for classifying osteoporosis, the model based on the anteroposterior+lateral channel performed best, with the area under the curve (AUC) range from 0.909 to 0.937 in three test cohorts. The models with images alone achieved moderate sensitivity in classifying osteopenia, in which the highest AUC achieved 0.785. The performance of models integrating images with clinical data shows a slight improvement over models with anteroposterior or lateral images input alone for diagnosing osteoporosis, in which the AUC increased about 2%-4%. Regarding categorizing osteopenia and the normal BMD, the proposed models integrating images with clinical data also outperformed the models with images solely. ConclusionThe deep learning-based approach could screen osteoporosis and osteopenia based on lumbar radiographs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a deep learning approach, specifically a convolutional neural network (CNN), to screen for primary osteopenia and osteoporosis in a Chinese population. The intervention does not involve exergames, and the focus is on diagnostic performance rather than fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Maples-Keller, J. L., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    When translational neuroscience fails in the clinic: Dexamethasone prior to virtual reality exposure therapy increases drop-out rates.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ANXIETY DISORDERS 61: 89-97.
[Abstract] Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is characterized by exaggerated expression of fear responses to danger and safety cues. Translational research suggests that dexamethasone facilitates fear extinction in animal and human fear conditioning models. For this randomized, placebo-controlled trial (N = 27), we aimed to translate these findings to the clinic by using virtual reality exposure (VRE) therapy for OEF/OIF/OND veterans with PTSD to determine whether dexamethasone will increase the efficacy of exposure therapy for VRE relative to placebo. VRE sessions involved imaginal exposure to the most traumatic war memories while viewing a computer-generated view of virtual Iraq or Afghanistan with multisensory stimulus options used to match patient's description of the trauma. VRE was effective in reducing PTSD symptoms but there was no interaction with dexamethasone. Drop-out rate was significantly higher in the dexamethasone group, with 10 of 13 (76.9%) participants in this group discontinuing, compared to only 4 of 14 (28.5%) in the placebo group, chi(2) = 6.31, p = 0.02. Results indicate that the dexamethasone group may have experienced an increase in PTSD symptoms, particularly re-experiencing, at session 2 following first drug administration. Contrary to study hypotheses, dexamethasone did not enhance exposure therapy outcomes and was associated with increased drop-out. This demonstrates potential pitfalls in translating neuroscience models to the clinic; future research carefully examining glucocorticoid mechanisms involved in therapy augmentation is warranted.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the use of virtual reality exposure (VRE) therapy for veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and examines the effects of dexamethasone on the efficacy of VRE therapy. The intervention targets are veterans, not older people, and the primary focus is on PTSD treatment, not fall prevention.

[Author]   Maranesi, E., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Acceptability and Preliminary Results of Technology-Assisted Balance Training in Parkinson's Disease.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 19(5).
[Abstract] (1) Background: Parkinson's Disease (PD) is one of the most common causes of disability among older individuals. The advanced stages of PD are usually characterized by postural instability and, as a consequence, falls. Those are among the main factors that determine the quality of life, as well as the morbidity and mortality of a person with PD. In the field of PD rehabilitation, robotics is also rapidly gaining ground. As a primary aim, we evaluate the acceptability of the technology integrated intervention, using the Psychosocial Impact of Assistive Devices Scale (PIADS), in order to analyze the attitude of the participants towards the Tymo(R) system. As a secondary outcome, we assess the result of the rehabilitation treatment integrated with the Tymo(R) system on several patient's features. (2) Methods: We studied a population of 16 patients with Parkinson's Disease. Each recruited subject completed 10 treatment sessions, organized as two training sessions per week, for 5 weeks. The intervention included 30 min of traditional therapy and 20 min of technological treatment with a robotic system. PIADS is composed of three subscales (Competence subscale, Adaptability subscale, Self-esteem subscale) ranging from -3 to +3, reflecting, respectively, a negative or positive feeling towards the device. (3) Results: The Competence subscale, measuring feelings of competence and usefulness, obtained a score of 1.24 (SD = 0.78). The score of Adaptability subscale, indicating a willingness to try out new things and to take risks, was 1.83 (SD = 0.65). Finally, the Self-esteem subscale, indicating feelings of emotional health and happiness, reached a score of 1.31 (SD = 0.72). Moreover, statistical analysis reveals a significant effect on balance performance after intervention. (4) Conclusions: This feasibility study represents a starting point in the use of technology in the rehabilitation pathway of patients affected by Parkinson's Disease. In fact, our results suggest that a standard therapy combined with an innovative treatment using Tymo(R) may be accepted by PD patients, which may benefit especially from preserving balance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a robotic system (Tymo®) to assist in balance training for patients with Parkinson's Disease. While the intervention targets older individuals and aims to improve balance, which can help prevent falls, it does not specifically use exergames. The intervention involves a combination of traditional therapy and a robotic system, but there is no mention of virtual reality, video games, or other forms of exergames. Additionally, the study is described as a feasibility study, and it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Marimon, X., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Kinematic Analysis of Human Gait in Healthy Young Adults Using IMU Sensors: Exploring Relevant Machine Learning Features for Clinical Applications.
[Journal]  BIOENGINEERING-BASEL 11(2).
[Abstract] Background: Gait is the manner or style of walking, involving motor control and coordination to adapt to the surrounding environment. Knowing the kinesthetic markers of normal gait is essential for the diagnosis of certain pathologies or the generation of intelligent ortho-prostheses for the treatment or prevention of gait disorders. The aim of the present study was to identify the key features of normal human gait using inertial unit (IMU) recordings in a walking test. Methods: Gait analysis was conducted on 32 healthy participants (age range 19-29 years) at speeds of 2 km/h and 4 km/h using a treadmill. Dynamic data were obtained using a microcontroller (Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense Rev2) with IMU sensors (BMI270). The collected data were processed and analyzed using a custom script (MATLAB 2022b), including the labeling of the four relevant gait phases and events (Stance, Toe-Off, Swing, and Heel Strike), computation of statistical features (64 features), and application of machine learning techniques for classification (8 classifiers). Results: Spider plot analysis revealed significant differences in the four events created by the most relevant statistical features. Among the different classifiers tested, the Support Vector Machine (SVM) model using a Cubic kernel achieved an accuracy rate of 92.4% when differentiating between gait events using the computed statistical features. Conclusions: This study identifies the optimal features of acceleration and gyroscope data during normal gait. The findings suggest potential applications for injury prevention and performance optimization in individuals engaged in activities involving normal gait. The creation of spider plots is proposed to obtain a personalised fingerprint of each patient's gait fingerprint that could be used as a diagnostic tool. A deviation from a normal gait pattern can be used to identify human gait disorders. Moving forward, this information has potential for use in clinical applications in the diagnosis of gait-related disorders and developing novel orthoses and prosthetics to prevent falls and ankle sprains.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on kinematic analysis of gait in healthy young adults using IMU sensors and machine learning techniques. The intervention does not involve exergames, and the target population is not older people. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Marivan, K., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Rehabilitation of the psychomotor consequences of falling in an elderly population: A pilot study to evaluate feasibility and tolerability of virtual reality training.
[Journal]  TECHNOLOGY AND HEALTH CARE 24(2): 169-175.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND : A fall in elderly subjects can lead to serious psychological consequences. These symptoms can develop into Fear of Falling with behavioural disorders comparable to PTSD that may severely limit autonomy. Virtual reality training (VRT) could be seen as a worthwhile therapeutic approach for this syndrome since it has been shown to be a useful tool for motor rehabilitation or combat-related PTSD. We thus developed a training scenario for VRT with psychomotor therapists.OBJECTIVE : To test the feasibility and acceptability of VRT when used by elderly adults for fall rehabilitation.METHODS : Our population of 8 patients older than 75 years, with a Mini Mental Score Examination greater than 18/30 performed sessions of VRT and answered a questionnaire on the feasibility and acceptability of it.RESULTS : This sample showed a highly favourable response to the prototype of VRT. They found it easy to use, enjoyed the experience, and thought it realistic and helpful.CONCLUSION : The conclusions of our study are limited by sample size. However, applications with VRT can offer the potential of an acceptable technique for elderly subjects. The next step will be to show the efficacy of this method in the management of post-fall PTSD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a pilot study focused on evaluating the feasibility and tolerability of virtual reality training (VRT) for the rehabilitation of psychological and motor consequences of falling in elderly subjects. While it does involve older people and uses a form of exergame (virtual reality), the study is not a randomized controlled trial, and it primarily aims to assess feasibility and acceptability rather than reporting on the efficacy of the intervention in preventing falls. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria specified.

[Author]   Marks, A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Use of Immersive Virtual Reality Spaces to Engage Adolescent and Young Adult Patients With Cancer in Therapist-Guided Support Groups: Protocol for a Pre-Post Study.
[Journal]  JMIR RESEARCH PROTOCOLS 12.
[Abstract] Background: For adolescents and young adults, a cancer diagnoses can magnify feelings of social isolation at an inherently vulnerable developmental stage. Prior studies have highlighted the importance of peer groups during cancer treatment. Support groups help foster connection and resilience, but patients find in-person participation difficult due to a variety of factors. Additionally, physical changes brought on by cancer makes these patients hesitant to meet in person. The COVID-19 pandemic magnified these difficulties. Virtual reality (VR) allows for the creation of a therapist-curated, computer-generated social space that potentially enables support groups for this population.Objective: This protocol describes a pilot study examining the efficacy, feasibility, and acceptability of a social VR support group intervention for adolescent and young adult patients with cancer. Methods: We approached 20 participants aged 17-20 years, and 16 agreed to participate. Moreover, 1 participant dropped out due to hospitalization. Participants attended virtual, professionally facilitated support groups using Meta Quest VR headsets. The groups consisted of 4 participants and 1 facilitator, amounting to a total of 22 individual sessions. Each session lasted 45-60 minutes and took place weekly for 4-6 weeks. The primary aim of this study was to collect quantitative and qualitative data on the feasibility and acceptability of the intervention. Feasibility was measured through session participation rates and overall retention rates. The acceptability of the intervention was explored through brief in-person interviews with participants at the end of the final intervention session. The secondary aim of this study was to collect data on the preliminary efficacy of the intervention in decreasing symptoms of participant depression and anxiety and increasing positive affect and resiliency.Results: In total, 15 patients aged 17-20 years participated in 22 sessions between November 5, 2019, and July 8, 2021. The median age was 19 (IQR 17-20) years. Overall, 10 (62%) participants identified as male, 5 (31%) as female, and 1 (6%) as transgender female. Furthermore, 5 (31%) participants identified as Hispanic, 1 (6%) identified as non-Hispanic Asian, 3 (19%) identified as non-Hispanic Black, 6 (38%) identified as non-Hispanic White, and 1 (6%) identified as other race or ethnicity. Hematologic malignancies or bone marrow failure was the most common diagnosis (8/16, 50%). The mean attendance rate was 72.8% (SD 25.7%) and retention was 86.7% (SD 0.35%). Moreover, 45% (10/22) of sessions had to be postponed by a week or more due to unexpected participant scheduling issues. Conclusions: The use of VR to deliver psychosocial support for adolescents and young adults with cancer may reduce common barriers associated with attending in-person peer support groups while improving quality-of-life measures. The data from this study will inform future studies focused on conducting VR support groups in other rare disease populations, including older adults with cancer. International Registered Report Identifier (IRRID): DERR1-10.2196/48761
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using immersive virtual reality (VR) to engage adolescent and young adult patients with cancer in therapist-guided support groups. The intervention targets adolescents and young adults, not older people, and the focus is on providing psychosocial support rather than preventing falls. Additionally, the study is a pre-post design, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Marques, F., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Fatigue analysis of a railway bridge based on fracture mechanics and local modelling of riveted connections.
[Journal]  ENGINEERING FAILURE ANALYSIS 94: 121-144.
[Abstract] In the context of fatigue evaluation of riveted railway bridges, cross-girder to main beam connections are frequently critical details. Secondary effects, such as out-of-plane bending and dynamic amplifications due to the proximity to loading paths which in the case of old bridges were not taken into account in the original design, may lead to severe increase of fatigue damage.The fatigue assessment of old riveted railway bridges has been addressed in the last years by developing local models of critical riveted joints that are linked to global models. This local-global modelling approach aims at evaluating local secondary stresses. Former fatigue probabilistic analyses of riveted joints have been focused on resistance variability rather than on loading/stresses (actions) variability.In this paper a probabilistic procedure to include the variability of loading in the fatigue analysis of complex riveted joints of railway bridges is proposed assuming loading as a random variable. Local finite element models were developed and later coupled with the global model in order to obtain the real stresses associated to real trains crossing the bridge. To reduce computational time, the results obtained from these local models were inputted in a Linear Fracture Mechanics model, supported by Paris fatigue crack propagation law. Monte Carlo simulation technique was applied to calculate the fatigue reliability of an old riveted railway bridge, considering traffic records from previous studies on the bridge.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the fatigue analysis of a railway bridge, specifically focusing on the evaluation of riveted connections and their reliability. It does not involve exergames or any intervention targeting older people to prevent falls. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Marston, H. R., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    A Scoping Review of Digital Gaming Research Involving Older Adults Aged 85 and Older.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 5(3): 157-174.
[Abstract] Background: Interest in the use of digital game technologies by older adults is growing across disciplines from health and gerontology to computer science and game studies. The objective of this scoping review was to examine research evidence involving the oldest old (persons 85 years of age or greater) and digital game technology. Materials and Methods: PubMed, CINHAL, and Scopus were searched, and 46 articles were included in this review. Results: Results highlighted that 60 percent of articles were published in gerontological journals, whereas only 8.7 percent were published in computer science journals. No studies focused directly on the oldest old population. Few studies included sample sizes greater than 100 participants. Seven primary and 34 secondary themes were identified, of which Hardware Technology and Assessment were the most common. Conclusions: Existing evidence demonstrates the paucity of studies engaging older adults 85 years of age and above regarding the use of digital gaming and highlights a new understudied cohort for further research focus. Recommendations for future research include intentional recruitment and proportionate representation of participants 85 years of age, large sample sizes, and explicit mention of specific numbers of participants 85 years of age, which are necessary to advance knowledge in this area. Integrating a rigorous and robust mixed-methods approach including theoretical perspectives would lend itself to further in-depth understanding and knowledge generation in this field.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a scoping review that examines the research evidence involving digital game technologies and older adults aged 85 and older. It does not report on a randomized controlled trial, and it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Instead, it provides an overview of the existing literature and identifies gaps in the current research.

[Author]   Marston, H. R., et al. (2017).
[Title]    Digital Game Technology and Older Adults
[Journal]  MOBILE E-HEALTH. H. R. Marston, S. Freeman and C. Musselwhite: 149-171.
[Abstract] This chapter provides readers with an overview of digital gaming trends across Europe and Australia, using current and up-to-date statistics detailing gaming preferences, demographics and digital device usage and ownership. Providing a contemporary overview of the literature in the field of digital gaming and ageing the authors aim to demonstrate the work that has been covered by international academics. These domains include a series of reviews which have focused on health rehabilitation and gaming, eHealth, digital gaming, fall prevention and active ageing. Further discussion focuses on the use and deployment of mobile health apps and digital gaming and how they are used within the field of ageing, in regard to gamification, chronic health conditions and the nature of interaction and engagement by users. Results are presented from the iStoppFalls project, whereby an ICT survey was deployed to ascertain participants ICT usage, ownership and behaviours. The results in this chapter focus primarily on digital games, how participants learnt to play games, their preferred game genres and online gaming habits. Common challenges are explored and discussed by the authors in regards to gaming research with recommendations proposed for future use and engagement of digital gaming, mobile health apps and wearables.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract indicates that the chapter provides an overview of digital gaming trends and discusses various aspects of digital gaming in relation to older adults, including health rehabilitation, eHealth, and fall prevention. However, it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. Additionally, the results presented are from a survey (iStoppFalls project) rather than a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Martelli, D., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Direction-Dependent Adaptation of Dynamic Gait Stability Following Waist-Pull Perturbations.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON NEURAL SYSTEMS AND REHABILITATION ENGINEERING 24(12): 1304-1313.
[Abstract] Balance recovery during an unexpected disturbance is a complex motor task, where part of the variability depends on the type of the perturbation itself. Despite of this, little is known to what extent adaptation mechanisms to repeated perturbations are dependent on the direction and the amplitude of the applied disturbances. Here, we used a modified version of the Active Tethered Pelvic Assist Device (A-TPAD) to apply unexpected force-controlled multidirectional waist-pull perturbations while subjects were walking. Healthy young subjects were divided into two groups and were exposed to a single training session. Each group received perturbations of different amplitudes along the Medio-Lateral (ML) or the Antero-Posterior (AP) direction. Dynamic stability was determined in both the AP and ML directions in terms of base of support (BoS) and margin of stability (MoS). Results showed: 1) an adaptation of the balance recovery reactions only for perturbations delivered along the AP directions; 2) aftereffects able to modify the control of stability during the post-training session of which type and extent depends on the direction of the perturbations previously applied; and 3) a directional and amplitude effect on the dynamic stability at the end of the balance recovery reactions.These findings could help to design perturbation-based training programs to effectively reduce falls in people with balance disorders.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described involves the use of a modified version of the Active Tethered Pelvic Assist Device (A-TPAD) to apply unexpected force-controlled multidirectional waist-pull perturbations, which is not an exergame. Additionally, the study focuses on healthy young subjects, not older people. Therefore, this paper does not fit the specified criteria.

[Author]   Martin, D. R. and D. V. Matyushov (2017). 
[Title]    Electron-transfer chain in respiratory complex I.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 7.
[Abstract] Complex I is a part of the respiration energy chain converting the redox energy into the cross-membrane proton gradient. The electron-transfer chain of iron-sulfur cofactors within the water-soluble peripheral part of the complex is responsible for the delivery of electrons to the proton pumping subunit. The protein is porous to water penetration and the hydration level of the cofactors changes when the electron is transferred along the chain. High reaction barriers and trapping of the electrons at the iron-sulfur cofactors are prevented by the combination of intense electrostatic noise produced by the protein-water interface with the high density of quantum states in the iron-sulfur clusters caused by spin interactions between paramagnetic iron atoms. The combination of these factors substantially lowers the activation barrier for electron transfer compared to the prediction of the Marcus theory, bringing the rate to the experimentally established range. The unique role of iron-sulfur clusters as electron-transfer cofactors is in merging protein-water fluctuations with quantum-state multiplicity to allow low activation barriers and robust operation. Water plays a vital role in electron transport energetics by electrowetting the cofactors in the chain upon arrival of the electron. A general property of a protein is to violate the fluctuation-dissipation relation through nonergodic sampling of its landscape. High functional efficiency of redox enzymes is a direct consequence of nonergodicity.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the electron-transfer chain in respiratory complex I, which is a part of the cellular respiration process. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, the type of intervention, and the study design do not align with the specified requirements.

[Author]   Martin, S., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Effects of diabetes mellitus on step length and minimum toe clearance adaptation.
[Journal]  BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING ONLINE 22(1).
[Abstract] BackgroundAdaptive gait involves the ability to adjust the leading foot in response to the requirement of dynamic environments during walking. Accurate adjustments of the minimum toe clearance (MTC) height and step length can prevent older people from falling when walking and responding to hazards. Although older people with diabetes fall more frequently than healthy older adults, no previous studies have quantified their adaptive gait abilities. This study aimed to investigate the effects of diabetes mellitus on step length and MTC height adjustments using a non-immersive virtual-reality system.MethodsSixteen young adults (26 +/- 5 years, 7 females), 16 healthy older adults (68 +/- 5 years, 6 females), and 16 older adults with diabetes (70 +/- 5 years, 6 females) completed adaptability tests while walking on a treadmill. A computer system visualised a continuous real-time signal of absolute step length and MTC on a monitor. Each person responded to four discrete participant-specific step length and MTC visual targets that were presented on the same signal. Tasks were to match the peaks of interest on each signal to presented targets. Targets were 10% longer or shorter than the mean baseline step length, and 2.5 cm, and 3.5 cm higher than the mean baseline MTC. When a target was displayed, it remained unchanged for 10 consecutive foot displacement adaptation attempts. Then, the target was removed and a new target or the same target was present after 10 consecutive steps and remained for 10 steps. Each target was randomly presented three times (3 x 10). Step length and MTC height adjustments in response to targets were measured and compared among groups.ResultsMean preferred walking speeds were not different among groups significantly when no targets were presented on the monitor in baseline walking. However, when participants walked on a treadmill while attempting to match step lengths or MTC heights to displayed targets on the monitor, the group with diabetes had reduced step length and MTC adjustments compared with other groups significantly. They showed greater errors (differences between their step lengths/MTC heights and presented targets) on the monitor.ConclusionsThis study quantified reduced abilities for older individuals with diabetes to adjust both step length and MTC in response to stimuli compared to healthy older counterparts. Reduced step length and MTC height adjustments can increase falls in at risk populations. The presented virtual-reality system has merits for assessing and training step and MTC adaptation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve a non-immersive virtual-reality system and includes older adults, the primary focus is on quantifying the adaptive gait abilities (specifically step length and minimum toe clearance) of individuals with diabetes compared to healthy older adults. The study aims to assess these abilities rather than to use the virtual-reality system as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Martinez Montilla, L. A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of Virtual Reality in Balance Training for Fall Prevention in Older Adults: Systematic Review.
[Journal]  SPORTS MEDICINE AND ARTHROSCOPY REVIEW 31(2): 41-48.
[Abstract] Objective:The purpose of this study was to determine the effectiveness of virtual reality (VR) in balance training for the prevention of falls in older adults. Methods:We included studies with experimental designs, cohort studies, and quasi-experimental studies of older adults who underwent balance training associated with the use of VR for the prevention of falls. The comparison of control and intervention groups in the studies reported statistically significant improvements in terms of balance for VR. Results:The effects and benefits from the use of VR were seen by the fourth week of intervention, with significant improvements in balance and lower fall rates, the improvements became greater for groups using VR. Conclusions:The benefits presented by the studies were related not only to balance but also to fear of falling, reaction time, gait, physical fitness, independence in activities of daily living, muscle strength, and even quality of life.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, the abstract mentions that the study includes various types of studies (experimental designs, cohort studies, and quasi-experimental studies), but it does not specifically state that the results are from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not suitable.

[Author]   Martinez-Grana, A., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Augmented Reality and Valorizing the Mesozoic Geological Heritage (Burgos, Spain).
[Journal]  SUSTAINABILITY 10(12).
[Abstract] This article presents the application of augmented reality through the use of devices in the valorisation of the geological heritage of six known geosites of the Jurassic or Cretaceous age, located in the South-East (SE) of the province of Burgos (Castilla y Leon, Spain). Using augmented reality techniques, geomatic resources have been developed that allow real-time interaction with different thematic layers (e.g., cartography, digital terrain model, etc.). Using these techniques, this paper proposes a virtual route in Google Earth and a Field Trip Guide with a detailed description of each site and suggested activities for educational use and one free geoapp. These geosites comprise three zones with deposits of dinosaur ichnites and three other sectors with marine fossils (Jurassic limestones), fossil trees, or singular karstic landscapes. The globalization of geodatabases allows the intelligent use of geo-resources and their use for tourism, didactic and scientific purposes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the application of augmented reality for the valorization of geological heritage sites in Burgos, Spain. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not focused on preventing falls in the elderly. The study also does not include randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Martinho, D., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    A systematic review of gamification techniques applied to elderly care.
[Journal]  ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE REVIEW 53(7): 4863-4901.
[Abstract] The proportion of the world's population growing older is rapidly increasing over the last decades. With the recent progresses seen in information and communication technologies, there have been great concerns about developing personalized healthcare services that can ensure the living conditions and active aging of the elderly people. Among these technologies, we highlight and review in this work, the current state of gamification and related techniques applied to the elderly care context. Six research questions were defined to provide an overview on the current state in the development of gamified systems for elderly care through the identification of publication source types, research areas, target groups, game design elements and technologies employed and observed issues and benefits of using gamification in this context. Results have shown a great diversity in publication source types and research areas, even within the health domain. Different target groups were identified based on surrounding environment and physical and cognitive capabilities of the elderly person. Feedback, progression, rewards and social interaction enhancement are highlighted as the most relevant and frequently used game design elements for this context. Technological features observed include self-management systems, portable devices, physical robots, consoles and wearable technologies. The use of gamification techniques to support elderly people has proven to be beneficial to improve wellbeing as well as both physical, cognitive, social, and emotional state of the elderly person. Current challenges are most related with the need for traditional healthcare services to integrate gamification techniques to improve personalized healthcare and answer different necessities and adapt the support provided according to the individual capabilities of elderly people. The findings presented in this systematic literature review should be considered in the development of future personalized elderly care solutions by adapting the support provided according to interests, capabilities, necessities and contexts associated to the elderly person as a means to improve independence, health and wellbeing, capture interest and positive engagement, facilitate social interaction and decrease impact of many different medical conditions affecting older people.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review of gamification techniques applied to elderly care. It does not focus specifically on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, and it does not include original data from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it provides an overview of the current state of gamified systems for elderly care, including various game design elements and technologies. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the specific intervention and study design required.

[Author]   Mascret, N., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Acceptance of a Virtual Reality Headset Designed for Fall Prevention in Older Adults: Questionnaire Study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INTERNET RESEARCH 22(12).
[Abstract] Background: Falls are a common phenomenon among people aged 65 and older and affect older adults' health, quality of life, and autonomy. Technology-based intervention programs are designed to prevent the occurrence of falls and their effectiveness often surpasses that of more conventional programs. However, to be effective, these programs must first be accepted by seniors.Objective: Based on the technology acceptance model, this study aimed to examine the acceptance among older adults before a first use of a virtual reality headset (VRH) used in an intervention program designed to prevent falls.Methods: A sample of 271 French older adults (mean age 73.69 years, SD 6.37 years) voluntarily and anonymously filled out a questionnaire containing the focal constructs (perceived usefulness, perceived enjoyment, perceived ease of use, intention to use, fall-related self-efficacy, and self-avoidance goals) adapted to the VRH, which was designed to prevent falls.Results: The results of the structural equation modeling analysis showed that intention to use the VRH was positively predicted by perceived usefulness, perceived enjoyment, and perceived ease of use. Perceived usefulness of the VRH was also negatively predicted by fall-related self-efficacy (ie, the perceived level of confidence of an individual when performing daily activities without falling) and positively predicted by self-avoidance goals (ie, participating in a physical activity to avoid physical regression).Conclusions: A better understanding of the initial acceptance among older adults of this VRH is the first step to involving older adults in intervention programs designed to prevent falls using this kind of device.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the acceptance of a virtual reality headset (VRH) designed for fall prevention in older adults, based on a questionnaire study. While it does target older people and involves a technology-based intervention (a VRH), the study is not a randomized controlled trial (RCT) and does not report the results of an intervention. Instead, it examines the factors that influence the intention to use the VRH. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as specified.

[Author]   Mason, A. H., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    The role of the visual environment on characteristics of over-ground locomotion in natural and virtual environments.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF HUMAN-COMPUTER STUDIES 169.
[Abstract] Recent studies have suggested fundamental differences in the way that visual information is processed in virtual environments when compared to natural environments. To better understand these differences, we asked 20 young adults to walk in a real hallway featuring a mobile wall, which allowed three hallway width conditions: narrow (1.14 m), medium (1.31 m) and wide (1.48 m). A separate group of 21 young adults walked in a virtual hallway that closely replicated the real hallway. We were interested in determining (1) whether gait parameters and their variability would be similar between the natural and virtual environments, (2) whether visual infor-mation about the width of the hallway would affect gait performance in the two environments, and (3) whether the influence of hallway width would be similar in both environments. We hypothesized that because visual processing is fundamentally different in natural and virtual environments, spatiotemporal gait parameters would also be different in the two environments. Further, we hypothesized that gait and gait variability would be differentially affected by the manipulation of hallway width in the natural and virtual environments. Results indicated participants in the VR environment walked with decreased cadence, spent more time with both feet on the ground, and walked with more variability than participants in the natural environment. Further, several subtle but important differences were found regarding the effect of hallway width on gait in the two environ-ments. In particular, the width of the hallway differentially affected cadence and normalized gait velocity be-tween the real world and VR. These fundamental differences indicate more cautious gait in VR and could have significant implications when we consider how and when we use VR for rehabilitation, training and assessment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on comparing gait parameters and their variability between natural and virtual environments, specifically in young adults. It does not target older people, nor is it an intervention using exergames to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Mastorakis, G., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Fall detection without people: A simulation approach tackling video data scarcity.
[Journal]  EXPERT SYSTEMS WITH APPLICATIONS 112: 125-137.
[Abstract] We propose an intelligent system to detect human fall events using a physics-based myoskeletal simulation, detecting falls by comparing the simulation with a fall velocity profile using the Hausdorff distance. Previous methods of fall detection are trained using recordings of acted falls which are limited in number, body variability and type of fall and can be unrepresentative of real falls. The paper demonstrates that the use of fall recordings are unnecessary for modelling the fall as the simulation engine can produce a variety of fall events customised to an individual's physical characteristics using myoskeletal models of different morphology, without pre-knowledge of the falling behaviour. To validate this methodological approach, the simulation is customised by the person's height, modelling a rigid fall type. This approach allows the detection to be tailored to cohorts in the population (such as the elderly or the infirm) that are not represented in existing fall datasets. The method has been evaluated on several publicly available datasets which show that our method outperforms the results of previously reported research in fall detection. Finally, our approach is demonstrated to be robust to occlusions that hide up to 50% of a fall, which increases the applicability of automatic fall detection in a real-world environment such as the home. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a method for detecting falls using a physics-based myoskeletal simulation, rather than an intervention that uses exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus is on improving fall detection technology, not on using exergames as a preventive measure.

[Author]   Matamala-Gomez, M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Impact of virtual embodiment and exercises on functional ability and range of motion in orthopedic rehabilitation.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 12(1).
[Abstract] Recent evidence supports the use of immersive virtual reality (immersive VR) as a means of applying visual feedback techniques in neurorehabilitation. In this study, we investigated the benefits of an embodiment-based immersive VR training program for orthopedic upper limb rehabilitation, with the aim of improving the motor functional ability of the arm and accelerating the rehabilitation process in patients with a conservatively managed distal radius fracture. We designed a rehabilitation program based on developing ownership over a virtual arm and then exercising it in immersive VR. We carried out a between 3-group controlled trial with 54 patients (mean age = 61.80 +/- 14.18): 20 patients were assigned to the experimental training group (immersive VR), 20 to the conventional digit mobilization (CDM) training control group, and 14 to a non-immersive (non-immersive VR) training control group. We found that functional recovery of the arm in the immersive VR group was correlated with the ownership and agency scores over the virtual arm. We also found larger range of joint movements and lower disability of the fractured arm compared with patients in the Non-immersive VR and CDM groups. Feeling embodied in a virtual body can be used as a rehabilitation tool to speed up and improve motor functional recovery of a fractured arm after the immobilization period.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of immersive virtual reality (VR) for orthopedic upper limb rehabilitation in patients with a conservatively managed distal radius fracture. While the intervention involves a form of exergame (immersive VR), the primary target is not specifically the elderly, and the goal is to improve functional ability and range of motion in the context of orthopedic rehabilitation, rather than preventing falls. Additionally, the study does not explicitly mention fall prevention as an outcome.

[Author]   Matas, N. A., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Dropout during a driving simulator study: A survival analysis.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SAFETY RESEARCH 55: 159-169.
[Abstract] Introduction: Simulator sickness is the occurrence of motion-sickness like symptoms that can occur during use of simulators and virtual reality technologies. This study investigated individual factors that contributed to simulator sickness and dropout while using a desktop driving simulator. Method: Eighty-eight older adult drivers (mean age 72.82 +/- 5.42 years) attempted a practice drive and two test drives. Participants also completed a battery of cognitive and visual assessments, provided information on their health and driving habits, and reported their experience of simulator sickness symptoms throughout the study. Results: Fifty-two participants dropped out before completing the driving tasks. A time-dependent Cox Proportional Hazards model showed that female gender (HR = 2.02), prior motion sickness history (HR = 2.22), and Mini-SSQ score (HR = 1.55) were associated with dropout. There were no differences between dropouts and completers on any of the cognitive abilities tests. Conclusions: Older adults are a high-risk group for simulator sickness. Within this group, female gender and prior motion sickness history are related to simulator dropout. Higher reported experience of symptoms of simulator sickness increased rates of dropout. (C) 2015 National Safety Council and Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on simulator sickness and dropout rates among older adult drivers using a desktop driving simulator, which does not meet the criteria for an exergame intervention aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Mathunny, J. J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Design and Performance Analysis of a Mecanum-Built Perturbation-Based Balance Training Device.
[Journal]  APPLIED BIONICS AND BIOMECHANICS 2024.
[Abstract] This study proposes a mecanum-built perturbation-based balance training device aimed at improving motor adaptive skills for fall prevention in individuals with neurological disorders or the elderly. Incorporating multidirectional fall simulations in line with modified constraint-induced movement therapy, the device's efficacy was evaluated by measuring the distance traveled and peak acceleration under different static loads (20, 30, and 40 kg) and input accelerations (1, 2, and 3 m/s2). A pilot study with 10 subjects was conducted to assess device performance, utilizing repeated measures analysis of variance and Bonferroni's post hoc analysis. Results indicated a load-dependent reduction in distance traveled, with an average mean difference of 0.74-1.23 cm between the 20 and 40 kg loads for trials of 9 and 18 cm, respectively. Despite varying loads, the device consistently achieved near-anticipated peak accelerations, suggesting its capability to induce effective perturbations. The study also observed a significant lateral movement preference, suggesting adjustments to pulse width modulation and time period may optimize lateral movement performance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a mecanum-built perturbation-based balance training device, which does not qualify as an exergame. Additionally, while the study includes a pilot study, it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Mayne, I. P., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Development and Assessment of a Distal Radial Fracture Model as a Clinical Teaching Tool.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BONE AND JOINT SURGERY-AMERICAN VOLUME 98(5): 410-416.
[Abstract] Background: Simulation-based learning is increasingly prevalent in the curricula of many surgical training programs. Newly developed simulators must undergo rigorous validity testing before they are used to assess and evaluate surgical trainees. We describe the development of a model that simulates a distal radial fracture requiring closed reduction and cast application and demonstrate its validity.Methods: We developed a model for simulated treatment of a distal radial fracture with use of a modified Sawbones forearm. Ten junior and ten senior orthopaedic residents were videotaped performing a closed reduction and applying a cast on the model. After each procedure, standard anteroposterior and lateral radiographs of the forearm model were obtained. Two blinded orthopaedic surgeons then rated each resident using a task-specific checklist (Objective Structured Assessment of Technical Skills [OSATS]) and a global rating scale (GRS) as well as radiographic measurements of palmar tilt and three-point index.Results: Compared with the junior residents, senior residents had significantly higher OSATS (p < 0.001) and GRS scores (p < 0.001). The groups did not differ significantly with respect to radiographic palmar tilt (p = 0.86) and three-point index (p = 0.43). All residents were able to restore anatomical alignment, with a mean palmar tilt of 9.1 degrees. In addition, the mean three-point index of all residents was acceptable (0.76). There was a strong correlation between OSATS and GRS scores (r > 0.87; p < 0.01). The inter-rater reliability was high (>= 0.79) for the OSATS, GRS, and radiographic measurements.Conclusions: We developed an educational model that simulates a distal radial fracture requiring closed reduction and cast application. We demonstrated construct validity, as the GRS and OSATS tools were able to differentiate senior from junior residents. We were unable to differentiate trainees using radiographic assessment, as all residents restored anatomical alignment and had comparable three-point index scores.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and assessment of a model for teaching orthopedic residents how to treat distal radial fractures. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not related to fall prevention. The study focuses on surgical training and education, and it includes a randomized controlled trial, but it does not meet the other criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Mayourian, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Deep Learning-Based Electrocardiogram Analysis Predicts Biventricular Dysfunction and Dilation in Congenital Heart Disease.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN COLLEGE OF CARDIOLOGY 84(9): 815-828.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND Artificial intelligence-enhanced electrocardiogram (AI-ECG) analysis shows promise to detect biventricular pathophysiology. However, AI-ECG analysis remains underexplored in congenital heart disease (CHD). OBJECTIVES The purpose of this study was to develop and externally validate an AI-ECG model to predict cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR)-defined biventricular dysfunction/dilation in patients with CHD. METHODS We trained (80%) and tested (20%) a convolutional neural network on paired ECG-CMRs (<= 30 days apart) from patients with and without CHD to detect left ventricular (LV) dysfunction (ejection fraction <= 40%), RV dysfunction (ejection fraction <= 35%), and LV and RV dilation (end-diastolic volume z-score >= 4). Performance was assessed during internal testing and external validation on an outside health care system using area under receiver-operating curve (AUROC) and area under precision recall curve. RESULTS The internal and external cohorts comprised 8,584 ECG-CMR pairs (n = 4,941; median CMR age 20.7 years) and 909 ECG-CMR pairs (n = 746; median CMR age 25.4 years), respectively. Model performance was similar for internal testing (AUROC: LV dysfunction 0.87; LV dilation 0.86; RV dysfunction 0.88; RV dilation 0.81) and external validation (AUROC: LV dysfunction 0.89; LV dilation 0.83; RV dysfunction 0.82; RV dilation 0.80). Model performance was lowest in functionally single ventricle patients. Tetralogy of Fallot patients predicted to be at high risk of ventricular dysfunction had lower survival (P < 0.001). Model explainability via saliency mapping revealed that lateral precordial leads influence all outcome predictions, with high-risk features including QRS widening and T-wave inversions for RV dysfunction/ dilation. CONCLUSIONS AI-ECG shows promise to predict biventricular dysfunction/dilation, which may help inform CMR timing in CHD. (J Am Coll Cardiol 2024;84:815-828) (c) 2024 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using deep learning-based electrocardiogram analysis to predict biventricular dysfunction and dilation in patients with congenital heart disease. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   McAllister, N. T., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Evaluating the Application of an EMS Clinical Judgment Theoretical Framework.
[Journal]  PREHOSPITAL EMERGENCY CARE.
[Abstract] ObjectivesClinical judgment (CJ) encompasses clinical reasoning (process of evaluating a problem) and clinical decision-making (choice made). A theoretical model to better define emergency medical services (EMS) CJ has been developed but its use has not been evaluated in EMS training and assessments. Our objective was to evaluate the performance of this EMS CJ model to assess clinical reasoning and decision-making in a simulated environment.MethodsIn this evaluation, EMS clinician teams (2-3 members) were directed to care for a simulated older adult patient in their home following a fall. Simulations were video recorded, clinician team actions coded, and evaluated for whether proper CJ reasoning and decisions were made. We evaluated CJ in two ways: 1) EMS medical directors' (MD) determination of whether the CJ questions were addressed (MD score) and 2) objective rubric evaluation of CJ questions using the EMS CJ model focused on recognition of appropriate cues, performance of actions, and revaluation after action (rubric score). The CJ questions addressed in this simulation included: 1) Is the patient stable/unstable?, 2) Are interventions necessary before movement?, 3) How should the patient be transferred from the floor?, and 4) Does the cause of the fall require hospital evaluation? Descriptive statistics were calculated, and concordance between the two assessments was evaluated (mean, 95% CI). Percent concordance was calculated with a validity threshold set at 70%.ResultsFour EMS MDs reviewed 20 videos addressing 80 clinical judgment decisions. Overall concordance between MD score and rubric score for CJ decisions was above the threshold at 88.1% (85.0, 91.2). Concordance between MD score and rubric score for each CJ decision was 92.0% (87.3, 96.7) for question 1, 79.9% (71.5, 88.3) for question 2, 95.0% (90.4, 99.6) for question 3, and 85.4% (79.5, 91.2) for question 4.ConclusionAn objective evaluation of CJ decisions using a rubric derived from an EMS CJ theoretical framework demonstrated high concordance to subjective evaluations of CJ made by EMS MDs. This approach may allow for reproducible and objective CJ evaluations that could be used for competency assessment in EMS.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on evaluating a theoretical framework for clinical judgment in emergency medical services (EMS) using a simulated environment where EMS clinicians care for a simulated older adult patient who has fallen. The intervention does not involve exergames, and the study design is an evaluation rather than a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   McClure, C. and D. Schofield (2020). 
[Title]    Running virtual: The effect of virtual reality on exercise.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF HUMAN SPORT AND EXERCISE 15(4): 861-870.
[Abstract] Research has shown that exercise among college aged persons has dropped over recent years (Lindahl, 2015; Sheppard, 2016). Many factors could be contributing to this reduction in exercise including: large workloads, the need to work during school, or perhaps technology use. A number of recent studies are showing the benefits of using virtual reality systems in exercise and are demonstrating that the use of such technology can lead to an increase in the number of young adults engaging in exercise. This study focuses on the effects that virtual reality has on heart rate and other bodily sensations during a typical work out. This study also analyses the participants ability to pay less attention to their bodily sensations during exercise when using a virtual reality system. During this experiment, participants were exposed to two different conditions. Condition one being a traditional work out, riding an exercise bike at a middle tension level. Condition two was the same but the participant was wearing a virtual reality headset. The data collected led to the conclusion that working out while wearing a virtual reality headset will lead to a higher heart rate, and in turn can lead to burning more calories during a workout. The study also found participants who wore the virtual reality headset were able to remove themselves from their bodily sensations allowing them to workout longer.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of virtual reality on exercise among college-aged individuals, and it does not meet the criteria for targeting older people, nor does it specifically address fall prevention.

[Author]   McFadyen, B. J., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Using dual task walking as an aid to assess executive dysfunction ecologically in neurological populations: A narrative review.
[Journal]  NEUROPSYCHOLOGICAL REHABILITATION 27(5): 722-743.
[Abstract] Within rehabilitation, clinical assessment plays a crucial role in diagnosis, prognostication and making decisions about return to function. The ecological validity of the assessment of executive dysfunction has become a particular focus in neuropsychology and is gaining interest in mobility research and neurological rehabilitation of acquired brain injury or degenerative neurological diseases. In this narrative review, we look at how the task of walking and the inseparable cognitive demands and interference of the surrounding environment are exploited in dual task walking (DTW) paradigms to expose executive dysfunction. While quite a number of studies and reviews have recently focused on the utility of DTW for gait assessment, particularly to assess fall risk, very little consideration has been given to the level of ecological validity required. This paper directly addresses this issue with discussion of evidence and lacunas related to task, personal and technological factors that should be addressed in order to exploit fully DTW paradigms as an ecological assessment tool.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a narrative review that discusses the use of dual task walking (DTW) as a method to assess executive dysfunction in neurological populations. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as it is a review and does not report on an intervention involving exergames. Additionally, the focus is on assessment rather than on a preventive intervention.

[Author]   McGowan, K., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Short-Term Motor Learning and Retention During Visually Guided Walking in Persons With Multiple Sclerosis.
[Journal]  NEUROREHABILITATION AND NEURAL REPAIR 31(7): 648-656.
[Abstract] Background. The ability to adapt, a form of short-term motor learning, and retain this adaptation, is essential for rehabilitation and for day-to-day living. Yet little research is available on this topic in persons with multiple sclerosis (PwMS), particularly in relation to complex walking tasks. Objective. To determine the ability of PwMS to learn and retain a novel relationship between visual input and motor output-or visuomotor map-during visually guided walking. Methods. Nineteen PwMS and 17 healthy controls performed a precision walking task while adapting to prism lenses that altered the normal visuomotor map on 1 day, and again after a 1-week delay. The task required individuals to walk and step onto 2 targets without stopping. To quantify motor performance, we determined foot placement error relative to the targets. Results. PwMS with mild disability and healthy controls attenuated foot placement error over repeated trials when exposed to the novel mapping and demonstrated a similar rate and magnitude of adaptation in the first learning session. Both groups equally retained the adaptation 1 week later, reflected by reduced foot placement error and a faster rate of error reduction in that session. Conclusion. PwMS can learn and retain a novel visuomotor mapping during a precision-based walking task. This suggests that PwMS with mild disability have the capacity for short-term motor learning and retention, indicating that neural plasticity is preserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the ability of persons with multiple sclerosis (PwMS) to learn and retain a novel visuomotor mapping during a precision walking task. The intervention involves visually guided walking using prism lenses, which does not meet the criteria for an exergame. Additionally, the study focuses on PwMS rather than older people, and it does not specifically address fall prevention. Therefore, this paper does not fit the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   McPhail, S. M., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Nintendo Wii Fit as an adjunct to physiotherapy following lower limb fractures: preliminary feasibility, safety and sample size considerations.
[Journal]  PHYSIOTHERAPY 102(2): 217-220.
[Abstract] Objective The Nintendo Wii Fit integrates virtual gaming with body movement, and may be suitable as an adjunct to conventional physiotherapy following lower limb fractures. This study examined the feasibility and safety of using the Wii Fit as an adjunct to outpatient physiotherapy following lower limb fractures, and reports sample size considerations for an appropriately powered randomised trial.Methodology Ambulatory patients receiving physiotherapy following a lower limb fracture participated in this study (n = 18). All participants received usual care (individual physiotherapy). The first nine participants also used the Wii Fit under the supervision of their treating clinician as an adjunct to usual care. Adverse events, fracture malunion or exacerbation of symptoms were recorded. Pain, balance and patient-reported function were assessed at baseline and discharge from physiotherapy.Results No adverse events were attributed to either the usual care physiotherapy or Wii Fit intervention for any patient. Overall, 15 (83%) participants completed both assessments and interventions as scheduled. For 80% power in a clinical trial, the number of complete datasets required in each group to detect a small, medium or large effect of the Wii Fit at a post-intervention assessment was calculated at 175, 63 and 25, respectively.Conclusions The Nintendo Wii Fit was safe and feasible as an adjunct to ambulatory physiotherapy in this sample. When considering a likely small effect size and the 17% dropout rate observed in this study, 211 participants would be required in each clinical trial group. A larger effect size or multiple repeated measures design would require fewer participants. (C) 2015 Chartered Society of Physiotherapy. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the feasibility and safety of using the Nintendo Wii Fit as an adjunct to physiotherapy for patients following lower limb fractures. While it does involve older people and uses an exergame, the primary focus is on feasibility and safety, and it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. The study also does not specifically target fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   McQuown, C., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Creation and Implementation of a Large-Scale Geriatric Interprofessional Education Experience.
[Journal]  Current gerontology and geriatrics research 2020: 3175403-3175403.
[Abstract] The care of the older adult requires an interprofessional approach to solve complex medical and social problems, but this approach is difficult to teach in our educational silos. We developed an interprofessional educational session in response to national requests for innovative practice models that use collaborative interprofessional teams. We chose geriatric fall prevention as our area of focus as our development of the educational session coincided with the development of an interprofessional Fall Risk Reduction Clinic. Our aim of this study was to evaluate the number and type of students who attended a pilot and 10 subsequent educational sessions. We also documented the changes that occurred due to a Plan-Do-Study-Act (PDSA) rapid-cycle improvement model to modify our educational session. The educational session evolved into an online presession self-study didactic and in-person educational session with a poster/skill section, an interprofessional team simulation, and simulated patient experience. The simulated patient experience included an interprofessional fall evaluation, team meeting, and presentation to an expert panel. The pilot session had 83 students from the three sponsoring institutions (hospital system, university, and medical university). Students were from undergraduate nursing, nurse practitioner graduate program, pharmacy, medicine, social work, physical therapy, nutrition, and pastoral care. Since the pilot, 719 students have participated in various manifestations of the online didactic plus in-person training sessions. Ten separate educational sessions have been given at three different institutions. Survey data with demographic information were available on 524 participants. Students came from ten different schools and represented thirteen different health care disciplines. A large-scale interprofessional educational session is possible with rapid-cycle improvement, inclusion of educators from a variety of learning institutions, and flexibility with curriculum to accommodate learners in various stages of training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the development and implementation of an interprofessional educational session focused on geriatric fall prevention. While it does target older adults, the intervention is not an exergame. Instead, it involves an educational session with a simulated patient experience, which includes an interprofessional fall evaluation, team meeting, and presentation. The study also reports on the number and type of students who attended the sessions and the changes made to the educational format over time. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Medina Gonzalez, P. (2016). 
[Title]    Linear variability of gait according to socioeconomic status in elderly.
[Journal]  COLOMBIA MEDICA 47(2): 94-99.
[Abstract] Aim: To evaluate the linear variability of comfortable gait according to socioeconomic status in community-dwelling elderly.Method: For this cross-sectional observational study 63 self-functioning elderly were categorized according to the socioeconomic level on medium-low (n= 33, age 69.0 +/- 5.0 years) and medium-high (n= 30, age 71.0 +/- 6.0 years). Each participant was asked to perform comfortable gait speed for 3 min on an 40 meters elliptical circuit, recording in video five strides which were transformed into frames, determining the minimum foot clearance, maximum foot clearance and stride length. The intra-group linear variability was calculated by the coefficient of variation in percent.Results: The trajectory parameters variability is not different according to socioeconomic status with a 30% (range= 15-55%) for the minimum foot clearance and 6% (range= 3-8%) in maximum foot clearance. Meanwhile, the stride length consistently was more variable in the medium-low socioeconomic status for the overall sample (p= 0.004), female (p= 0.041) and male gender (p= 0.007), with values near 4% (range = 2.5-5.0%) in the medium-low and 2% (range = 1.5-3.5%) in the medium-high.Conclusions: The intra-group linear variability is consistently higher and within reference parameters for stride length during comfortable gait for elderly belonging to medium-low socioeconomic status. This might be indicative of greater complexity and consequent motor adaptability.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about evaluating the linear variability of gait according to socioeconomic status in community-dwelling elderly. It does not mention any exergames or interventions using virtual reality, video games, or other forms of electronic games. The study is also a cross-sectional observational study, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Meekes, W. and E. K. Stanmore (2017). 
[Title]    Motivational Determinants of Exergame Participation for Older People in Assisted Living Facilities: Mixed-Methods Study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INTERNET RESEARCH 19(7).
[Abstract] Background: Exergames (exercise-based videogames) for delivering strength and balance exercise for older people are growing in popularity with the emergence of new Kinect-based technologies; however, little is known about the factors affecting their uptake and usage by older people.Objective: The aim of this study was to determine the factors that may influence the motivation of older people to use exergames to improve their physical function and reduce fall risk.Methods: Mixed methods were employed in which 14 semistructured interviews were conducted with older people (n=12, aged 59-91 years) from 2 assisted living facilities in the North West of the United Kingdom. The older people participated in a 6-week trial of exergames along with one manager and one physiotherapist; 81 h of observation and Technology Acceptance Model questionnaires were conducted.Results: The findings suggest that the participants were intrinsically motivated to participate in the exergames because of the enjoyment experienced when playing the exergames and perceived improvements in their physical and mental health and social confidence. The social interaction provided in this study was an important extrinsic motivator that increased the intrinsic motivation to adhere to the exergame program.Conclusions: The findings of this study suggest that exergames may be a promising tool for delivering falls prevention exercises and increasing adherence to exercise in older people. Understanding the motivation of older people to use exergames may assist in the process of implementation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. While the paper does target older people and involves the use of exergames, it is a mixed-methods study that focuses on understanding the motivational factors for using exergames. The study includes interviews, observations, and questionnaires, but it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, based on the criteria provided, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly in the context of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Mehdikhani, M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Age effects on step adaptation during treadmill walking with continuous step length biofeedback.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 80: 174-177.
[Abstract] Background: The inability to adjust step length can lead to falls in older people when navigating everyday terrain. Precisely targeted forward placement of the leading foot, constituting step length adjustment, is required for adaptive gait control, but this ability may reduce with ageing. The objective of this study was to investigate ageing effects on step length adaptation using real-time biofeedback.Research question: Does ageing affect the ability to adapt step length to match a target using real-time biofeedback?Methods: Fifteen older adults (67 +/- 3 years; 8 females) and 27 young adults (24 +/- 4 years; 13 females) completed a step length adaptation test while walking at preferred speed on a treadmill. The test involved walking while viewing a monitor at the front of the treadmill that showed a real-time signal of absolute left-right foot displacement. The task was to match the local maxima of the signal (i.e. step length) to two target conditions, at 10 % longer or 10 % shorter than mean baseline step length. When the target was displayed, it remained unchanged for a set of 10 consecutive step attempts. Three sets of 10 attempts for each target condition were allocated in random order, for a total of 30 step attempts per target. Average absolute error and average error (bias) of step length accuracy was computed for each target condition and compared between groups.Results: : The step adaptation test identified that older adults had greater mean absolute error for both short and long step targets and showed a step length-dependent bias significantly different to the young.Significance: Real-time foot position feedback could be a useful tool to train and evaluate step adaptation in older people.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study investigates the effects of real-time biofeedback on step length adaptation in older and young adults, but it does not involve an exergame intervention. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Meijer, H. A., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Systematic Review on the Effects of Serious Games and Wearable Technology Used in Rehabilitation of Patients With Traumatic Bone and Soft Tissue Injuries.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE AND REHABILITATION 99(9): 1890-1899.
[Abstract] Objective: To assess the effects on functional outcomes and treatment adherence of wearable technology and serious games (ie, interactive computer applications with specific purposes useful in the "real world") currently used in physical rehabilitation of patients after traumatic bone and soft tissue injuries.Data Sources: PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, and Current Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature were searched without publication date restrictions for the terms wearable, serious game, videogame or mobile application, and rehabilitation, exercise therapy, and physiotherapy.Study Selection: The search yielded 2704 eligible articles, which were screened by 2 independent reviewers. Studies comparing serious games to standard therapy were included.Data Extraction: Methodology and results of the studies were critically appraised in conformity with Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines.Data Synthesis: Twelve articles were included, all of which tested "off-the-shelf' games. No studies on "wearable-controlled" games or games specifically developed for rehabilitation could be included. Medical conditions included postoperative rehabilitation and acute traumatic injuries. All studies were of low to moderate quality. Only 2 studies found beneficial effects of serious games compared to conventional therapy. One of 3 studies reporting pain scores found beneficial effects of serious games compared to physiotherapy. One of 5 trials reporting treatment adherence found a statistically significant advantage in the game group compared to conventional physiotherapy. Because of heterogeneity in study design and outcome measures, pooling of data was not possible.Conclusions: Serious games seem a safe alternative or addition to conventional physiotherapy after traumatic bone and soft tissue injuries. Future research should determine their validity and effectiveness in rehabilitation therapy, next to their cost-effectiveness and effect on treatment adherence. (C) 2017 by the American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that assesses the effects of serious games and wearable technology in the rehabilitation of patients with traumatic bone and soft tissue injuries. It does not specifically target older people, nor does it focus on the prevention of falls. Additionally, the paper is a review and does not report original data from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Meldrum, D., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Vestibular rehabilitation in Europe: a survey of clinical and research practice.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROLOGY 267(SUPPL 1): 24-35.
[Abstract] Vestibular rehabilitation (VR) is practiced across Europe but little in this area has been quantified. The aim of this study was to investigate current VR assessment, treatment, education, and research practices. This was an online, cross-sectional survey with 39 VR specific questions and four sections: demographics, current practice, education, and research. The survey was disseminated through the Dizzynet network to individual therapists through country-specific VR special interest groups. Results were analysed descriptively. A thematic approach was taken to analyse open questions. A total of 471 individuals (median age 41, range 23 - 68 years, 73.4% women), predominately physiotherapists (89.4%) from 20 European countries responded to the survey. They had worked for a median of 4 years (range < 1 - 35) in VR. The majority (58.7%) worked in hospital in-patient or out-patient settings and 21.4% in dedicated VR services. Most respondents specialized in neurology, care of the elderly (geriatrics), or otorhinolaryngology. VR was reported as hard/very hard to access by 48%, with the main barriers to access identified as lack of knowledge of health care professionals (particularly family physicians), lack of trained therapists, and lack of local services. Most respondents reported to know and treat benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV 87.5%), unilateral vestibular hypofunction (75.6%), and cervicogenic dizziness (63%). The use of vestibular assessment equipment varied widely. Over 70% used high-density foam and objective gait speed testing. Over 50% used dynamic visual acuity equipment. Infrared systems, Frenzel lenses, and dynamic posturography were not commonly employed (< 20%). The most frequently used physical outcome measures were the Clinical Test of the Sensory Interaction of Balance, Functional Gait Assessment/Dynamic Gait Index, and Romberg/Tandem Romberg. The Dizziness Handicap Inventory, Visual Analogue Scale, Falls Efficacy Scale, and the Vertigo Symptom Scale were the most commonly used patient reported outcome measures. Adaptation, balance, and habituation exercises were most frequently used (> 80%), with virtual reality used by 15.6%. Over 70% reported knowledge/use of Semont, Epley and Barbeque-Roll manoeuvres for the treatment of BPPV. Most education regarding VR was obtained at post-registration level (89.5%) with only 19% reporting pre-registration education. There was strong (78%) agreement that therapists should have professionally accredited postgraduate certification in VR, with blended learning the most popular mode. Three major research questions were identified for priority: management of specific conditions, effectiveness of VR, and mechanisms/factors influencing vestibular compensation and VR. In summary, the survey quantified current clinical practice in VR across Europe. Knowledge and treatment of common vestibular diseases was high, but use of published subjective and objective outcome measures as well as vestibular assessment varied widely. The results stress the need of improving both training of therapists and standards of care. A European approach, taking advantage of best practices in some countries, seems a reasonable approach.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a survey on vestibular rehabilitation (VR) practices across Europe. While it mentions the use of virtual reality by 15.6% of the respondents, the primary focus is not on using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study does not meet the criteria for being specifically about an exergame intervention targeting older people, nor does it report on randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Mempel, C. A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Contamination of Dentin with Hemostatic Agents - Is EDTA a Valuable Decontaminant before Using a Self-etch Universal Adhesive?
[Journal]  The journal of adhesive dentistry 24: 345-354.
[Abstract] PURPOSE: To investigate the effects of dentin decontamination procedures with ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA) after contamination with two hemostatic agents, ViscoStat (VS) and ViscoStat Clear (VSC), on the microtensile bond strength (muTBS) of two different universal adhesives, before and after thermocycling (TC).MATERIALS AND METHODS: Dentin surfaces of 100 human caries-free molars were either contaminated with one of the hemostatic agents or contaminated and then decontaminated with EDTA before the universal adhesives Scotchbond Universal Adhesive (SBU) or Prime & Bond Active (PBA) were applied in self-etch mode. Composite buildups were made and the teeth were sectioned into sticks (n = 90). Half of them immediately underwent the muTBS test, the other half after aging via TC. The data were statistically analyzed using Welch's ANOVA and the Games-Howell post-hoc test (p < 0.05).RESULTS: Significant differences were observed between the groups (p < 0.001). When the dentin surface was contaminated with VSC, TC significantly reduced the mean bond strength, regardless of the universal adhesive. Decontamination with EDTA showed a significant decrease in bond strength after VS contamination and SBU application. The fracture analysis showed mainly adhesive fractures (78.8%) in all test groups.CONCLUSION: As EDTA application did not significantly increase the muTBS of either universal adhesive in self-etch mode in-vitro, it cannot be recommended as a decontaminant.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effects of dentin decontamination procedures with EDTA after contamination with hemostatic agents on the microtensile bond strength of universal adhesives. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Menear, K. S. and J. M. Ernest (2020). 
[Title]    Comparison of Physical Activity, TV/Video Watching/Gaming, and Usage of a Portable Electronic Devices by Children With and Without Autism Spectrum Disorder.
[Journal]  MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH JOURNAL 24(12): 1464-1472.
[Abstract] Objective Individuals with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) participate in less physical activity (PA) and more sedentary behavior than their peers without ASD. Methods The study employed Chi-square analyses of the NSCH 2016-2017 data to compare PA, TV/video watching/gaming, and usage of portable electronic devices by children with and without ASD by age and ASD severity. Results Results suggest more than two and a half times as many children 6-11 and 12-17 years old with ASD failed to engage in 60 min of PA during the past week compared to peers without ASD. As children aged, their PA time decreased, with a larger percentage drop for children with ASD. For children ages 6-11 years, an inverse relationship was found between PA and ASD severity that was not found for older children. As the children got older, children with ASD spent more time watching TV/video watching/gaming than peers without ASD, with differing results by ASD severity. More children Birth to 5 years ASD used portable electronic devices than their peers without ASD and more young children with ASD used devices for 3 or more hours a day. Roughly the same proportions of children 12-17 years old used devices for more than 3 h a day but differential results were found between children with and without ASD for less than 1 h of device use. Conclusions for Practice These data can be used to advocate for individualized PA interventions and services to increase PA and decrease sedentary behaviors of children with ASD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on comparing physical activity, TV/video watching/gaming, and the usage of portable electronic devices between children with and without autism spectrum disorder (ASD). It does not meet the criteria for the intervention targets, the type of intervention, or the focus on fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Mentiplay, B. F., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Three-dimensional assessment of squats and drop jumps using the Microsoft Xbox One Kinect: Reliability and validity.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SPORTS SCIENCES 36(19): 2202-2209.
[Abstract] The Microsoft Xbox One Kinect (Kinect V2) contains a depth camera that can be used to manually identify anatomical landmark positions in three-dimensions independent of the standard skeletal tracking, and therefore has potential for low-cost, time-efficient three-dimensional movement analysis (3DMA). This study examined inter-session reliability and concurrent validity of the Kinect V2 for the assessment of coronal and sagittal plane kinematics for the trunk, hip and knee during single leg squats (SLS) and drop vertical jumps (DVJ). Thirty young, healthy participants (age=23 +/- 5yrs, male/female=15/15) performed a SLS and DVJ protocol that was recorded concurrently by the Kinect V2 and 3DMA during two sessions, one week apart. The Kinect V2 demonstrated good to excellent reliability for all SLS and DVJ variables (ICC 0.73). Concurrent validity ranged from poor to excellent (ICC=0.02 to 0.98) during the SLS task, although trunk, hip and knee flexion and two-dimensional measures of knee abduction and frontal plane projection angle all demonstrated good to excellent validity (ICC 0.80). Concurrent validity for the DVJ task was typically worse, with only two variables exceeding ICC=0.75 (trunk and hip flexion). These findings indicate that the Kinect V2 may have potential for large-scale screening for ACL injury risk, however future prospective research is required.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the reliability and validity of the Microsoft Xbox One Kinect for assessing three-dimensional kinematics during squats and drop jumps in young, healthy participants. It does not meet the criteria for targeting older people, using exergames as an intervention, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Merriman, N. A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    
[Journal]  ityQuest," A Custom-Designed Serious Game, Enhances Spatial Memory Performance in Older Adults." FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 14.
[Abstract] Spatial cognition is known to decline with aging. However, little is known about whether training can reduce or eliminate age-related deficits in spatial memory. We investigated whether a custom-designed video game involving spatial navigation, obstacle avoidance, and balance control would improve spatial memory in older adults. Specifically, 56 healthy adults aged 65 to 84 years received 10 sessions of multicomponent video game training, based on a virtual cityscape, over 5 weeks. Participants were allocated to one of three training conditions: the main intervention, the "CityQuest" group (n = 19), and two control groups, spatial navigation without obstacle avoidance ("Spatial Navigation-only" group, n = 21) and obstacle avoidance without spatial navigation ("Obstacles-only" group, n = 15). Performance on object recognition, egocentric and allocentric spatial memory (incorporating direction judgment tasks and landmark location tasks, respectively), navigation strategy preference, and executive functioning was assessed in pre- and post-intervention sessions. The results showed an overall benefit on performance in a number of spatial memory measures and executive function for participants who received spatial navigation training, particularly the CityQuest group, who also showed significant improvement on the landmark location task. However, there was no evidence of a shift from egocentric to allocentric strategy preference. We conclude that spatial memory in healthy older participants is amenable to improvement with training over a short term. Moreover, technology based on age-appropriate, multicomponent video games may play a key role in cognitive training in older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a custom-designed video game to enhance spatial memory performance in older adults. While the intervention targets older people and involves a video game, the primary focus is on improving spatial memory and cognitive function, not specifically on preventing falls. Additionally, the paper does not mention any outcomes related to fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Merriman, N. A., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Acceptability of a custom-designed game, CityQuest, aimed at improving balance confidence and spatial cognition in fall-prone and healthy older adults.
[Journal]  BEHAVIOUR & INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 37(6): 538-557.
[Abstract] Virtual reality or video games show great potential as low-cost and effective interventions for improving balance and cognitive function in older adults. This research describes the design and acceptability of a serious game (CityQuest) aimed at improving balance confidence, spatial navigation, and perceptual function in older adults with the use of a virtual environment and a balance board. Community-dwelling healthy (N=28) and fall-prone (N=28) older adults were pseudo-randomly assigned to train with CityQuest or one of two control games developed to evaluate the specific effects of the CityQuest game. Following completion of 10 training sessions, participants completed questionnaires measuring their acceptability of the game as a falls-related intervention, game experience, and subjective cognitive or balance confidence changes associated with the game. The results revealed high acceptance scores of the game and positive game experiences for all three game conditions. Older adults prone to falls reported a greater reduction in fear of falling and greater improvement in vigilance following training, compared to healthy older adults. These findings suggest that a serious game based on VR technology that trains both motor and cognitive processes is perceived to be beneficial and acceptable to healthy and fall-prone older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the acceptability and user experience of a custom-designed game, CityQuest, for improving balance confidence and spatial cognition in older adults. While it does involve an exergame (CityQuest) and includes both healthy and fall-prone older adults, the study is not a randomized controlled trial (RCT). Instead, it uses a pseudo-random assignment and primarily reports on the acceptability and subjective experiences of the participants, rather than the effectiveness of the intervention in preventing falls. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as specified.

[Author]   Meyer, B. M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Wearables and Deep Learning Classify Fall Risk From Gait in Multiple Sclerosis.
[Journal]  IEEE JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATICS 25(5): 1824-1831.
[Abstract] Falls are a significant problem for persons with multiple sclerosis (PwMS). Yet fall prevention interventions are not often prescribed until after a fall has been reported to a healthcare provider. While still nascent, objective fall risk assessments could help in prescribing preventative interventions. To this end, retrospective fall status classification commonly serves as an intermediate step in developing prospective fall risk assessments. Previous research has identified measures of gait biomechanics that differ between PwMS who have fallen and those who have not, but these biomechanical indices have not yet been leveraged to detect PwMS who have fallen. Moreover, they require the use of laboratory-based measurement technologies, which prevent clinical deployment. Here we demonstrate that a bidirectional long short-term (BiLSTM) memory deep neural network was able to identify PwMS who have recently fallen with good performance (AUC of 0.88) based on accelerometer data recorded from two wearable sensors during a one-minute walking task. These results provide substantial improvements over machine learning models trained on spatiotemporal gait parameters (21% improvement in AUC), statistical features from the wearable sensor data (16%), and patient-reported (19%) and neurologist-administered (24%) measures in this sample. The success and simplicity (two wearable sensors, only one-minute of walking) of this approach indicates the promise of inexpensive wearable sensors for capturing fall risk in PwMS.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using wearable technology and deep learning to classify fall risk in people with multiple sclerosis, but it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the abstract involves wearable sensors and a deep learning model to assess fall risk, rather than an exergame. Additionally, the target population is people with multiple sclerosis, not specifically older people.

[Author]   Mezher, C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Increased Arm Swing and Rocky Surfaces Reduces Postural Control in Healthy Young Adults.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN BIOENGINEERING AND BIOTECHNOLOGY 9.
[Abstract] Fall-induced injuries can stem from a disruption in the postural control system and place a financial burden on the healthcare system. Most gait research focused on lower extremities and neglected the contribution of arm swing, which have been shown to affect the movement of the center of mass when walking. This study evaluated the effect of arm swing on postural control and stability during regular and rocky surface walking. Fifteen healthy young adults (age = 23.4 +/- 2.8) walked on these two surfaces with three arm motions (normal, held, and active) using the CAREN Extended-System (Motek Medical, Amsterdam, NL). Mean, standard deviation and maximal values of trunk linear and angular velocity were calculated in all three axes. Moreover, step length, time and width mean and coefficient of variation as well as margin of stability mean and standard deviation were calculated. Active arm swing increased trunk linear and angular velocity variability and peak values compared to normal and held arm conditions. Active arm swing also increased participants' step length and step time, as well as the variability of margin of stability. Similarly, rocky surface walking increased trunk kinematics variability and peak values compared to regular surface walking. Furthermore, rocky surface increased the average step width while reducing the average step time. Though this surface type increased the coefficient of variation of all spatiotemporal parameters, rocky surface also led to increased margin of stability mean and variation. The spatiotemporal adaptations showed the use of "cautious" gait to mitigate the destabilizing effects of both the active arm swing and rocky surface walking and, ultimately, maintain dynamic stability.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effect of arm swing and walking on rocky surfaces on postural control and stability in healthy young adults, rather than using exergames as an intervention for older people. Additionally, the study does not mention any randomized controlled trials related to exergames or fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Mi, B., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Parameterization of the mid-trimester drop in blood pressure trajectory during pregnancy and its utility for predicting preeclampsia.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF HYPERTENSION 38(7): 1355-1366.
[Abstract] Objectives: The purpose of this study was to parameterize mid-trimester drop in blood pressure (BP) trajectory during pregnancy and to evaluate its utility for predicting preeclampsia. Methods: To develop parametric models for BP trajectory during pregnancy, we used data from 7923 Chinese pregnant women with 24 810 routine antenatal care visits. Then, we evaluated the utility of BP trajectory parameters for predicting clinician-diagnosed preeclampsia in a separate sample of 3524 pregnant women from a randomized controlled trial of prenatal vitamin supplementation conducted in the same area. We focused on parameters related to the mid-trimester BP drop, including the gestational age and BP value at the nadir (lowest point), change in BP, velocity, and area under curve during two periods (from 12 weeks of gestation to the nadir and from the nadir to 33 weeks of gestation). Results: All participants in our analysis had a mid-pregnancy drop in their SBP, DBP, and mean arterial pressure (MAP) trajectories. There were high correlations (|r| > 0.90) among trajectory parameters of the same BP measure. The final prediction model included selective parameters of SBP, DBP, and MAP trajectories, prepregnancy BMI and gestational age at the first antenatal care visit. The area under the receiver-operating curve for predicting preeclampsia was 0.886 (95% confidence interval 0.846--0.926) in the training dataset and 0.802 (0.708--0.895) in the validation dataset. Conclusion: Our novel BP trajectory parameters are informative and can predict preeclampsia at a clinically acceptable level.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about parameterizing the mid-trimester drop in blood pressure during pregnancy and its utility for predicting preeclampsia. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Michelotti, F., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Impact of shoulder dystocia, stratified by type of manoeuvre, on severe neonatal outcome and maternal morbidity.
[Journal]  AUSTRALIAN & NEW ZEALAND JOURNAL OF OBSTETRICS & GYNAECOLOGY 58(3): 298-305.
[Abstract] BackgroundShoulder dystocia is an uncommon and unpredictable obstetric emergency. It is associated with significant neonatal, maternal and medico-legal consequences.AimTo ascertain the impact shoulder dystocia has on severe neonatal and maternal outcomes specific to the type of manoeuvre.Materials and methodsThis was a retrospective study of 48021 term singleton vaginal deliveries the Mater Mothers' Hospital in Brisbane between 2007 and 2015. Maternal and neonatal outcomes were compared between deliveries complicated by shoulder dystocia and those uncomplicated.ResultsDeliveries complicated by shoulder dystocia are associated with low Apgar scores (3) at five minutes (odds ratio (OR) 5.25, 95% CI 3.23-8.56, P<0.001), acidosis (OR 3.10, 95% CI 2.76-3.50, P<0.001), postpartum haemorrhage (OR 2.28, 95% CI 1.90-2.75, P<0.001) and perineal trauma (OR 1.92, 95% CI 1.54-2.39, P<0.001). Compared to McRoberts' manoeuvre and suprapubic pressure alone, the odds of serious neonatal outcome are increased with internal rotational manoeuvres (OR 3.82, 95% CI 2.54-5.74, P<0.001) and delivery of the posterior arm (OR 4.49, 95% CI 3.54-5.69, P<0.001). The OR of maternal injury is 2.07 (95% CI 1.77-2.45, P<0.001), 2.26 (95% CI 1.21-4.21, P<0.001) and 2.29 (95% CI 1.58-3.32, P<0.001) with McRoberts'/suprapubic pressure, internal rotation and posterior arm delivery, respectively. Brachial plexus injuries and fractures complicate 1.4 and 0.9% of deliveries, with the risk of injury increasing when greater than one manoeuvre is required.ConclusionThe risk of neonatal and maternal trauma is strongly associated with the number and types of manoeuvres. Given the associated implications, adequate antenatal counselling, simulation training and enhanced labour surveillance are essential.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the impact of shoulder dystocia during childbirth and its associated neonatal and maternal outcomes. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Michnik, R., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Similarities and differences of the body control during professional collision with a vertical obstacle of men aged 24 and 65.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF BUDO 11: 27-39.
[Abstract] Background & Study Aim: Both the epidemiology of body injuries due to collision with vertical obstacles or objects in motion and the prevention of such events are very rarely discussed in the scientific literature. Understanding the kinematics of body movement during a collision with vertical obstacle may constitute a significant element used to create rational methodology for injury prevention in these circumstances. The aim of the study is to answer the question whether significant age difference of men training combat sports results in differentiation of the body control during professional collision with hard vertical obstacle forced by an external force and as a consequence whether it affects the way to protect head in particular and the amount of dissipated energy.Material & Methods: Two men have been subjected to the study: a 65-years-old scientist (A), who has been training judo and other combat sports for over than fifty years and is professionally involved in teaching people how to fall down safely; a 24-years-old physiotherapist (B), who trains judo as an amateur, has completed specialist course on safe falling and used those exercises in his kinesitherapy practice (including patients with psychological disorders). The analysis of kinematics of body movement during a collision with vertical obstacle was conducted. The collisions were forced by the assistant. Tested person was standing freely (with muscles relaxed) facing the front of the concrete wall at the distance of 2 metres. Assistant pushed the tested person each time towards the wall with similar force in the same way (by pressing the neck with one hand and lumbar spine with another). Measurements have been performed with the use of MVN Biomech system (XSENS) based on inertial sensors equipped with accelerometer, gyroscope and magnetic field sensor. The analysis involved four registered collisions with the wall of each tested person.Results: Since the contact of the upper limbs with the wall to the moment of stopping the body centre mass movement, both men shielded and protected the head by lifting their arms up and simultaneously flexing the arms in the elbows. This proves that the body surface in contact with the obstacle is almost identical in both men. Men A more effectively amortises the collision with the vertical obstacle. This is reflected in the average values of the head mass accelerations, which were lower by approx. 16% than in man B; the average energy absorbed by the body tissues of man A amounted to approx. 77%, whereas man B to 91% of the collision energy (man A dissipated energy more effectively). More effective amortisation of the collision with vertical obstacle by man A resulted moreover from the movements of his body segments after the collision (mainly flexing the knees, which is possible due to the relaxation of the muscles around this joint). The movement of body segments of man A in the second phase results in the increase of the mass centre movement in the direction of sagittal axis and in the increase in the body movement range.Conclusions: Suitable training causes the person in retirement age to more effectively amortise the collision with own body with hard vertical obstacle than a young adult man with significantly shorter training experience. Completion of the specialist course on safe falling and several years of judo practice significantly increase the abilities of protecting the body of a person in the conditions, when an external force results in the collision with the hard vertical obstacle. Increased probability of the more effective prevention of body injuries or even death in such circumstances requires the inclusion of such simulations to the permanent health-related training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on comparing the body control and kinematics during a collision with a vertical obstacle between a 65-year-old man and a 24-year-old man, with an emphasis on the effectiveness of their movements and energy dissipation. The intervention here is related to combat sports training and safe falling techniques, but it does not involve exergames or any form of virtual reality, video games, or electronic games. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial, and it does not report results in the context of using exergames to prevent falls.

[Author]   Michnik, R., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of avoiding collision with an object in motion - virtual reality technology in diagnostic and training from perspective of prophylactic of body injuries.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF BUDO 13: 203-210.
[Abstract] Background and Aim: People older than 60 years, with dysfunctions of musculoskeletal or motor system, impaired vision or hearing etc. are in a group of higher risk of collisions with objects in motion, which suddenly are heading towards their body (cyclists, runners, thrown an object, intentional punch or kick etc.). This study aims to verify compensation possibilities of this category of threats by a person who is cumulating a few factors of higher risk of collision with an object in motion heading toward his head, but on the other hand, having a longstanding adaptation for this kind of threats.Material and Methods: Two men have been subjected to the study: a man A 68-years-old and man B 27-years-old. Measurements have been performed with the use of MVN Biomech System (XSENS). Application projects a ball with a diameter of 12 cm, which fly with constant velocity (three trials; 10-, 6-and 3 m/s) alongside axis perpendicular to a frontal plane on the height the head and legs of the participant in an initial moment.Results: Man B avoided collision head with an object in motion three times. Man A avoided it only with a velocity of 3 m/s. Mean time of reaction of man A was 0.407 +/- 0.27s and was 35% longer than man B (0.263 +/- 0.05s). Man A performed body rotation faster (0.870 +/- 0.636s) than B (1.133 +/- 0.054s); moves his centre of mass more efficiently in the frontal plane (5.953 +/- 0.034deg) and sagittal plane (6.185 +/- 0.959deg) than man B (9.825 +/- 2.909deg) and (13.001 +/- 0.451deg). Man A managed to avoid collision with a ball with a diameter of 12 cm for the left knee at the highest velocity (10 m/s). Man B did not avoid collision nor for the left or right knee in the same circumstances. Kinematic trajectory for following velocities registered for 27 years old man differs significantly.Conclusion: Positive adaptation effects for 68 years old man (most of the analysed time graphs of kinematics quantities were similar) is an empiric proof, that some category of " life sports" guarantee an optimal level of motor safety to a late elderly. Furthermore, adequately adapted virtual reality technology could be an effective and attractive tool for enhancing training of avoiding collisions on small space (in the apartment, garage etc.) despite weather or other circumstances.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Specifically, it does not include a randomized controlled trial, and the sample size is too small (only two participants). Additionally, while it mentions virtual reality technology, the focus is on avoiding collisions with objects in motion rather than preventing falls.

[Author]   Mikalonyte, R., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Effects of small-sided games vs. simulated match training on physical performance of youth female handball players.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 17(9).
[Abstract] The aim of this study was to compare the effects of different Small-Sided games (SSG) formats and simulated match handball training (SMHT) on handball player's physical performance and game activity profile. Twenty-four youth female handball players (age: 16.2 +/- 1.5 years) participated in this study. The study was conducted during the first part of the competitive handball season and lasted for 10 weeks with 2 sessions per week in non-consecutive days: 1 week of pretesting, 8 weeks of specific training, and 1 week of post-testing. A two-group parallel randomized, pre- to post-test design was used to compare 2 different training groups: SSG training group (n = 12) and SMHT group (n = 12). The results showed larger improvements in drop jump height, jump power, absolute and relative anaerobic alactic power and 10 m sprint performances following the SSG training compared with the SMHT (p<0.05, eta(2)(p) = ranging from 0.219 to 0.368). Game performance characteristics showed significant effect in SSD training in average sprint distance, total number of sprints and time between sprints (p<0.05, eta(2)(p) = ranging from 0.08 to 0.292). The results of this study show that handball SSGs represent an adequate in-season strategy to promote a wide range of physical adaptations with improvements in running and jumping performance. This represents important information for coaches, since SSGs develop handball players' physical profiles while replicating tactical and technical features of the game. Nevertheless, simulated match training may be judiciously used to improve players' aerobic performance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of small-sided games and simulated match training on the physical performance of youth female handball players. It does not meet the criteria for the intervention targets (older people) or the type of intervention (exergames).

[Author]   Miller, D. A. L., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effects of Gradual Spatial and Temporal Cues Provided by Synchronized Walking Avatar on Elderly Gait.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 14(18).
[Abstract] Aging often leads to elderly gait characterized by slower speeds, shorter strides, and increased cycle; improving gait can significantly enhance the quality of life. Early gait training can help reduce gait impairment later on. Augmented reality (AR) technologies have shown promise in gait training, providing real-time feedback and guided exercises to improve walking patterns and gait parameters. The aim of this study was to observe the effects of gradual spatial and temporal cues provided by a synchronized walking avatar on the gait of elderly participants. This experiment involved 19 participants aged over 70 years, who walked while interacting with a synchronized walking avatar that provided audiovisual spatial and temporal cues. Spatial cueing and temporal cueing were provided through distance changes and phase difference changes, respectively. The WalkMate AR system was used to synchronize the avatar's walking cycle with the participants', delivering auditory cues matched to foot contacts. This study assessed the immediate and carry-over effects of changes in distance and phase difference on stride length, cycle time, and gait speed. The results indicate that gradual spatial and temporal cueing significantly influences elderly gait parameters, with potential applications in gait rehabilitation and training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of an augmented reality (AR) system with a synchronized walking avatar to provide spatial and temporal cues for gait training in the elderly. While the intervention targets older people and involves a form of technology that could be considered similar to exergames, it does not explicitly describe the use of exergames, virtual reality, or video games. Additionally, the study does not mention that it is a randomized controlled trial, and the focus is on gait parameters rather than fall prevention. Therefore, based on the given criteria, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Miller, K. J., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Effectiveness and feasibility of virtual reality and gaming system use at home by older adults for enabling physical activity to improve health-related domains: a systematic review.
[Journal]  AGE AND AGEING 43(2): 188-195.
[Abstract] Background: use of virtual reality and commercial gaming systems (VR/gaming) at home by older adults is receiving attention as a means of enabling physical activity.Objective: to summarise evidence for the effectiveness and feasibility of VR/gaming system utilisation by older adults at home for enabling physical activity to improve impairments, activity limitations or participation.Methods: a systematic review searching 12 electronic databases from 1 January 2000-10 July 2012 using key search terms. Two independent reviewers screened yield articles using pre-determined selection criteria, extracted data using customised forms and applied the Cochrane Collaboration Risk of Bias Tool and the Downs and Black Checklist to rate study quality.Results: fourteen studies investigating the effects of VR/gaming system use by healthy older adults and people with neurological conditions on activity limitations, body functions and physical impairments and cognitive and emotional well-being met the selection criteria. Study quality ratings were low and, therefore, evidence was not strong enough to conclude that interventions were effective. Feasibility was inconsistently reported in studies. Where feasibility was discussed, strong retention (>= 70%) and adherence (>= 64%) was reported. Initial assistance to use the technologies, and the need for monitoring exertion, aggravation of musculoskeletal symptoms and falls risk were reported.Conclusions: existing evidence to support the feasibility and effectiveness VR/gaming systems use by older adults at home to enable physical activity to address impairments, activity limitations and participation is weak with a high risk of bias. The findings of this review may inform future, more rigorous research.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the paper discusses the use of virtual reality and gaming systems by older adults, it focuses on the feasibility and effectiveness of these interventions in enabling physical activity broadly, rather than specifically on preventing falls.

[Author]   Miller Koop, M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    The Microsoft HoloLens 2 Provides Accurate Measures of Gait, Turning, and Functional Mobility in Healthy Adults.
[Journal]  SENSORS 22(5).
[Abstract] Augmented-reality (AR) headsets, such as the Microsoft HoloLens 2 (HL2), have the potential to be the next generation of wearable technology as they provide interactive digital stimuli in the context of ecologically-valid daily activities while containing inertial measurement units (IMUs) to objectively quantify the movements of the user. A necessary precursor to the widespread utilization of the HL2 in the fields of movement science and rehabilitation is the rigorous validation of its capacity to generate biomechanical outcomes comparable to gold standard outcomes. This project sought to determine equivalency of kinematic outcomes characterizing lower-extremity function derived from the HL2 and three-dimensional (3D) motion capture systems (MoCap). Sixty-six healthy adults completed two lower-extremity tasks while kinematic data were collected from the HL2 and MoCap: (1) continuous walking and (2) timed up-and-go (TUG). For all the continuous walking metrics (cumulative distance, time, number of steps, step and stride length, and velocity), equivalence testing indicated that the HL2 and MoCap were statistically equivalent (error <= 5%). The TUG metrics, including turn duration and turn velocity, were also statistically equivalent between the two systems. The accurate quantification of gait and turning using a wearable such as the HL2 provides initial evidence for its use as a platform for the development and delivery of gait and mobility assessments, including the in-person and remote delivery of highly salient digital movement assessments and rehabilitation protocols.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the validation of the Microsoft HoloLens 2 for measuring gait, turning, and functional mobility in healthy adults. It does not specifically target older people, nor does it involve an exergame intervention. The study focuses on the accuracy of the device in measuring kinematic outcomes compared to a gold standard, rather than using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Mills, R., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    The Effects of a 5-Day Virtual-Reality Based Exercise Program on Kinematics and Postural Muscle Activity in Youth with Cerebral Palsy.
[Journal]  PHYSICAL & OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY IN PEDIATRICS 39(4): 388-403.
[Abstract] Aims: To determine the effects of a 5-day virtual reality (VR)-based intervention on anticipatory and reactive mechanisms of postural control in children and adolescents with cerebral palsy (CP). Methods: Eleven youth with CP (GMFCS levels I and II), ages 7-17, were allocated to intervention (N = 5) and control (N = 6) groups. Both groups attended balance assessment sessions 1 week apart. Participants in the intervention group received 1-hour one-on-one physiotherapist-supervised VR balance games for 5 consecutive days between assessments. For balance assessments, participants stood erect with eyes open on a movable platform that translated progressively through four speeds in the anterior/posterior direction. Participants performed two trials each of experimenter-triggered and self-triggered perturbations. Postural muscle activity and kinematics were recorded. The Anchoring Index and body segment cross-correlations were calculated as an indication of body stabilization, and the number of steps taken to regain balance/avoid falling were counted. Mann-Whitney U tests for between group differences in change scores were undertaken with an accepted significance level of 0.01. Results: No consistent differences in change scores were identified between groups. Conclusions: There was no effect of a 5-day VR-based intervention on postural control mechanisms used in response to oscillating platform perturbations. Subsequent studies will further tailor VR interventions to patients' functional balance needs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets youth with cerebral palsy, and the study focuses on the effects of a 5-day virtual reality (VR)-based exercise program on postural control mechanisms in this population. The criteria for judgment, specifically that the intervention should target older people, are not met.

[Author]   Miura, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Visual Illusion Created by a Striped Pattern Through Augmented Reality for the Prevention of Tumbling on Stairs.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON VISUALIZATION AND COMPUTER GRAPHICS 30(8): 5466-5477.
[Abstract] A fall on stairs can be a dangerous accident. An important indicator of falling risk is the foot clearance, which is the height of the foot when ascending stairs or the distance of the foot from the step when descending. We developed an augmented reality system with a holographic lens using a visual illusion to improve the foot clearance on stairs. The system draws a vertical striped pattern on the stair riser as the participant ascends the stairs to create the illusion that the steps are higher than the actual steps, and draws a horizontal striped pattern on the stair tread as the participant descends the stairs to create the illusion of narrower stairs. We experimentally evaluated the accuracy of the system and fitted a model to determine the appropriate stripe thickness. Finally, participants ascended and descended stairs before, during, and after using the augmented reality system. The foot clearance significantly improved, not only while the participants used the system but also after they used the system compared with before.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes an intervention using augmented reality to create a visual illusion to improve foot clearance on stairs, which is aimed at preventing falls. However, it does not specifically mention that the intervention targets older people. Additionally, while the system uses augmented reality, it is not described as an exergame, which typically involves some form of physical exercise or activity through a game-like interface. The study also appears to be an experimental evaluation rather than a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Moellmann, H. L., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Comparison of the Accuracy and Clinical Parameters of Patient-Specific and Conventionally Bended Plates for Mandibular Reconstruction.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN ONCOLOGY 11.
[Abstract] ObjectivesThis retrospective study compared two mandibular reconstruction procedures-conventional reconstruction plates (CR) and patient-specific implants (PSI)-and evaluated their accuracy of reconstruction and clinical outcome. MethodsOverall, 94 patients had undergone mandibular reconstruction with CR (n = 48) and PSI (n = 46). Six detectable and replicable anatomical reference points, identified via computer tomography, were used for defining the mandibular dimensions. The accuracy of reconstruction was assessed using pre- and postoperative differences. ResultsIn the CR group, the largest difference was at the lateral point of the condyle mandibulae (D2) -1.56 mm (SD = 3.8). In the PSI group, the largest difference between preoperative and postoperative measurement was shown at the processus coronoid (D5) with +1.86 mm (SD = 6.0). Significant differences within the groups in pre- and postoperative measurements were identified at the gonion (D6) [t(56) = -2.217; p = .031 <.05]. In the CR group, the difference was 1.5 (SD = 3.9) and in the PSI group -1.04 (SD = 4.9). CR did not demonstrate a higher risk of plate fractures and post-operative complications compared to PSI. ConclusionFor reconstructing mandibular defects, CR and PSI are eligible. In each case, the advantages and disadvantages of these approaches must be assessed. The functional and esthetic outcome of mandibular reconstruction significantly improves with the experience of the surgeon in conducting microvascular grafts and familiarity with computer-assisted surgery. Interoperator variability can be reduced, and training of younger surgeons involved in planning can be reaching better outcomes in the future.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about comparing the accuracy and clinical parameters of patient-specific and conventionally bended plates for mandibular reconstruction. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Mohan, D., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Serious games may improve physician heuristics in trauma triage.
[Journal]  PROCEEDINGS OF THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 115(37): 9204-9209.
[Abstract] Trauma triage depends on fallible human judgment. We created two "serious" video game training interventions to improve that judgment. The interventions' central theoretical construct was the representativeness heuristic, which, in trauma triage, would mean judging the severity of an injury by how well it captures (or "represents") the key features of archetypes of cases requiring transfer to a trauma center. Drawing on clinical experience, medical records, and an expert panel, we identified features characteristic of representative and nonrepresentative cases. The two interventions instantiated both kinds of cases. One was an adventure game, seeking narrative engagement; the second was a puzzle-based game, emphasizing analogical reasoning. Both incorporated feedback on diagnostic errors, explaining their sources and consequences. In a four-arm study, they were compared with an intervention using traditional text-based continuing medical education materials (active control) and a no-intervention (passive control) condition. A sample of 320 physicians working at nontrauma centers in the United States was recruited and randomized to a study arm. The primary outcome was performance on a validated virtual simulation, measured as the proportion of undertriaged patients, defined as ones who had severe injuries (according to American College of Surgeons guidelines) but were not transferred. Compared with the control group, physicians exposed to either game undertriaged fewer such patients [difference = -18%, 95% CI: -30 to -6%, P = 0.002 (adventure game); -17%, 95% CI: -28 to -6%, P = 0.003 (puzzle game)]; those exposed to the text-based education undertriaged similar proportions (difference = +8%, 95% CI: -3 to +19%, P = 0.15).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of serious games to improve physician heuristics in trauma triage, not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The target population is physicians, and the focus is on improving their decision-making in trauma triage, rather than on preventing falls in older people.

[Author]   Mohanathas, N., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Realistic dual-task listening-while-balancing in older adults with normal hearing and hearing loss with and without hearing aids.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 14(1): 28758-28758.
[Abstract] Age-related hearing loss is a risk factor for mobility problems and falls, possibly due to poor access to spatial sounds or the higher allocation of attention required to listen, thereby reducing cognitive resources to support mobility. Introducing stabilizing spatial sounds or reducing cognitive load through hearing aids could possibly improve balance performance; however, evidence is mixed. Few studies have evaluated the effects of hearing aids and spatial sounds on balance during realistic, multisensory, dual-tasking conditions. This study used virtual reality to simulate a listening-while-balancing task in 22 older adults with normal hearing and 22 hearing aid users, tested with their aids on versus off. Participants performed a competing digits listening task (two, four digits) and a standing postural task, alone and in combination (dual task) under different visual, postural, and acoustical loads. Listening accuracy and postural outcomes (centre of pressure mean velocity, anterior-posterior standard deviation, medial-lateral standard deviation) were collected. With respect to listening accuracy, as expected, normal hearing adults had higher listening accuracy than those with hearing loss (aided better than unaided) and both groups performed better with eyes closed (vs. open) and under lower postural loads (firm vs. compliant). With respect to postural performance, hearing aids did not remarkably improve balance overall, with no effects on dual-task costs to posture. Other factors related to the complexity of the conditions (i.e., listening, visual, postural demands) differently influenced dual-task costs to posture in individuals with and without hearing loss. Overall, these results contribute to our understanding of how age-related hearing loss and hearing aids affect balance-related outcomes under realistic, complex, multisensory, multitasking conditions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it involves older adults and uses virtual reality, the primary focus is on evaluating the effects of hearing aids and spatial sounds on balance during a dual-task (listening-while-balancing) scenario. The study does not specifically aim to prevent falls through an exergame intervention, nor does it report results from a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Molhemi, F., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Effects of Virtual Reality vs Conventional Balance Training on Balance and Falls in People With Multiple Sclerosis: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE AND REHABILITATION 102(2): 290-299.
[Abstract] Objective: To assess the efficacy of virtual reality (VR)-based vs conventional balance training on the improvement of balance and reduction of falls in people with multiple sclerosis (PwMS).Design: Single-blinded, randomized, controlled trial.Setting: Musculoskeletal Rehabilitation Research Center, Ahvaz Jundishapur University of Medical Sciences.Participants: PwMS (N=39), randomized into VR (n=19) and control (n=20) groups.Intervention: The VR group performed exergames using Kinect, while the control group accomplished conventional balance exercises. Both groups received 18 training sessions for 6 weeks.Main Outcome Measures: Limits of stability, timed Up and Go (TUG) test, and 10-m walk tests with and without cognitive task and their dual-task costs (DTCs), Berg Balance Scale, Multiple Sclerosis Walking Scale-12, Fall Efficacy Scale-International, Activities-specific Balance Confidence Scale, and fall history were obtained pre- and post intervention and after a 3-month follow-up.Results: At both post intervention and follow-up, TUG(cognitive) and DTCs on the TUG were significantly lower and the 10-m walk(cognitive) was significantly higher in the VR group. At follow-up, reaction time and the number of falls demonstrated significant differences favoring the VR group, whereas the directional control revealed significant difference in favor of the control group (P<.05). The other outcomes showed no statistically significant difference at post intervention or follow-up.Conclusions: Both the VR-based and conventional balance exercises improved balance and mobility in PwMS, while each acted better in improving certain aspects. VR-based training was more efficacious in enhancing cognitive-motor function and reducing falls, whereas conventional exercises led to better directional control. Further studies are needed to confirm the effectiveness of recruiting VR-based exercises in clinical settings. (C) 2020 by the American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) exergames to improve balance and reduce falls in people with multiple sclerosis, not in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for targeting older people.

[Author]   Mollaei, N., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Different protocols for analyzing behavior and adaptability in obstacle crossing in Parkinson's disease.
[Journal]  CLINICAL INTERVENTIONS IN AGING 12: 1843-1857.
[Abstract] Imbalance and tripping over obstacles as a result of altered gait in older adults, especially in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD), are one of the most common causes of falls. During obstacle crossing, patients with PD modify their behavior in order to decrease the mechanical demands and enhance dynamic stability. Various descriptions of dynamic traits of gait that have been collected over longer periods, probably better synthesize the underlying structure and pattern of fluctuations in gait and can be more sensitive markers of aging or early neurological dysfunction and increased risk of falls. This confirmation challenges the clinimetric of different protocols and paradigms used for gait analysis up till now, in particular when analyzing obstacle crossing. The authors here present a critical review of current knowledge concerning the interplay between the cognition and gait in aging and PD, emphasizing the differences in gait behavior and adaptability while walking over different and challenging obstacle paradigms, and the implications of obstacle negotiation as a predictor of falls. Some evidence concerning the effectiveness of future rehabilitation protocols on reviving obstacle crossing behavior by trial and error relearning, taking advantage of dual-task paradigms, physical exercise, and virtual reality have been put forward in this article.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it discusses gait and obstacle crossing in older adults, particularly those with Parkinson's disease, and mentions virtual reality as a potential rehabilitation tool, it is a critical review rather than a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the focus is on the analysis of gait and behavior during obstacle crossing, rather than specifically on an exergame intervention.

[Author]   Money, A. G., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Falls Sensei: a serious 3D exploration game to enable the detection of extrinsic home fall hazards for older adults.
[Journal]  BMC MEDICAL INFORMATICS AND DECISION MAKING 19.
[Abstract] Background: Falls are the main cause of death and injury for older adults in the UK. Many of these falls occur within the home as a result of extrinsic falls risk factors such as poor lighting, loose/uneven flooring, and clutter. Falls education plays an important role in self-management education about extrinsic hazards and is typically delivered via information leaflets, falls apps, and educational booklets. Serious games have the potential of delivering an engaging and informative alternative to traditional methods but almost exclusively, these are currently delivered as exergaming applications that focus solely on intrinsic falls risk factors. This study presents 'Falls Sensei' a first-person 3D exploration game that aims to educate older adults about extrinsic falls risk factors within the home environment. After presenting Falls Sensei, game usability and older adults' perceptions and attitudes towards using the game in practice are explored.Methods: This study involved 15 community dwelling older adults. After playing the Falls Sensei game, participants completed a Systems Usability Scale (SUS) questionnaire and post task interview, and follow-up interviews three weeks later. Inductive and deductive thematic template analysis, informed by the Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology model, was used to analyse the think-aloud, post-task and follow-up interview transcripts. Descriptive statistical analysis and one-sampled t-tests were used to analyse log-file data and SUS responses.Results: Three high-level themes emerged from the analysis of transcriptions: Performance Expectancy; Effort Expectancy; Social Influence. The SUS score was 77.5/100 which indicates 'Good' levels of usability. Interestingly, reported usability of the game increased with participant age. Participants were positive about the usability of the game (p < = 0.05 for 9/10 items). The most memorable fall hazards were those most commonly encountered in the game or those most challenging to participants.Conclusions: The results support the use of serious games as an engaging tool for educating older adults about extrinsic falls risk factors. Awareness of home hazard detection was raised by the game, and some older adults became more aware for the need to adapt their own homes after gameplay. Further research would be needed to draw comparisons with established interventions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the use of a serious 3D exploration game, "Falls Sensei," to educate older adults about extrinsic fall hazards in the home environment. While the intervention targets older people and uses a game (which can be considered a form of exergame), the primary focus is on education and awareness rather than physical exercise or training to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not include a randomized controlled trial; instead, it focuses on usability and user perceptions. Therefore, this paper does not meet all the specified criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Montero-Odasso, M. and M. Speechley (2018). 
[Title]    Falls in Cognitively Impaired Older Adults: Implications for Risk Assessment And Prevention.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN GERIATRICS SOCIETY 66(2): 367-375.
[Abstract] ObjectivesTo provide an overview of the role of cognition in falls, with potential implications for managing and preventing falls in older adults.DesignReview.SettingObservational and interventional studies addressing the role of cognition on falls.ParticipantsCommunity-dwelling older adults (65 years and older).MeasurementsThe relationship between gait and cognition in aging and neurodegeneration was reviewed in the medical literature to highlight the role of brain motor control deficits in fall risk. The benefits of dual-task gait assessments as a marker of fall risk were reviewed. Therapeutic approaches for reducing falls by improving certain aspects of cognition were appraised.ResultsLow performance in attention and executive function are associated with gait slowing, instability, and future falls. Drug-enhancement of cognition may reduce falls in Parkinson's disease, and cognitive training, dual-task training, and virtual reality modalities are promising to improve mobility in sedentary older adults and in those with cognitive impairment and dementia.ConclusionFalls remain common in older people, with higher prevalence and morbidity in those who are cognitively impaired. Disentangling the mechanism and contribution of cognitive deficits in fall risk may open new treatment approaches. Mounting evidence supports that cognitive therapies help reduce falls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The given paper is a review that provides an overview of the role of cognition in falls and discusses various therapeutic approaches, including cognitive training, dual-task training, and virtual reality modalities. However, it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames as an intervention, nor does it report the results of randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Moon, S., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Proof-of-Concept of the Virtual Reality Comprehensive Balance Assessment and Training for Sensory Organization of Dynamic Postural Control.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN BIOENGINEERING AND BIOTECHNOLOGY 9.
[Abstract] Accurate quantification of the impact of visual, somatosensory, and vestibular systems on postural control may inform tailor-made balance intervention strategies. The aim of this proof-of-concept study was to determine the safety, sense of presence, system usability, and face validity of a newly developed Virtual Reality Comprehensive Balance Assessment and Training (VR-ComBAT) in healthy young individuals. The VR-ComBAT included six balance condition: (1) stable surface with fixed virtual reality (VR) surroundings; (2) stable surface with blacked out VR surroundings; (3) stable surface with VR visual conflict; (4) unstable surface with fixed VR surroundings; (5) unstable surface with blacked out VR surroundings; and (6) unstable surface with VR visual conflict. Safety was evaluated using the number of adverse events, including scores on the Simulator Sickness Questionnaire. Sense of presence was evaluated using the igroup Presence Questionnaire (iPQ). System usability was assessed using the Systems Usability Scale (SUS). Friedman analyses with post hoc Wilcoxon Signed Rank tests were employed to demonstrate face validity by quantifying center of pressure (COP) changes in mean distance, mean velocity, and mean frequency in the anteroposterior (AP) and mediolateral (ML) direction across the six conditions. Twenty-three participants (27.4 +/- 8.0 years old; 13 women) reported no adverse events. Participants scores on average 44.9 +/- 9.6 on the iPQ and 79.7 +/- 9.9 on the SUS. Post hoc analyses showed significant changes in COP-based measures when compared to baseline. The mean frequency change of COP showed direction-dependence in which increased frequency change in AP was observed while decreased change in ML was noted. The VR-ComBAT provides a safe, feasible, and cost-effective VR environment that demonstrates consistent sensory re-weighting between visual, somatosensory, and vestibular systems. Future studies should investigate whether VR-ComBAT can be used to inform precision rehabilitation of balance and fall prevention in older adults without and with neurological conditions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Specifically, the intervention targets healthy young individuals, not older people. Additionally, while the study involves a virtual reality system (which could be considered an exergame), it is a proof-of-concept study focused on safety, presence, and usability, and it does not report results from a randomized controlled trial. The abstract also mentions that future studies should investigate the use of the VR-ComBAT for balance and fall prevention in older adults, indicating that this particular study does not address that population or purpose.

[Author]   Moorman, M. L., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    A competency-based simulation curriculum for surgical resident trauma resuscitation skills.
[Journal]  International journal of critical illness and injury science 7(4): 241-247.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Evidence-based curricula for nonprocedural simulation training in general surgery are lacking. Residency programs are required to implement simulation training despite this shortcoming. The goal of this project was the development of a simulation curriculum that measurably improves milestone performance and replaces traditional experienced-based training with a competency-based model.MATERIALS AND METHODS: SimMan 3G (Laerdal Medical, Wappingers Falls, NY, USA) was utilized for simulation. Needs assessment targeted trauma and shock resuscitation. Scenario design applied deliberate practice methodology. Learner performance data included items such as identification of shock physiology, resuscitation products used, volume delivered, use of resuscitation end-points, and knowledge of massive transfusion. Characteristics essential for a successful program were tabulated.RESULTS: Forty-eight residents in postgraduate year (PGY) 2-5 participated representing 100% of the 48 eligible for the training. Senior residents (PGY 4 and 5) demonstrated near universal improvement. Junior residents (PGY 2 and 3) improved in some areas but showed more skill decay between sessions. Overall, milestone performance improved with each training session, and resident feedback was universally positive.CONCLUSIONS: This prototype curriculum improved surgical resident competency in shock resuscitation in a simulated patient care environment. It can be modified to accommodate centers with fewer resources and can be implemented by clinical faculty. The essential characteristics of a successful program are identified.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a simulation curriculum for surgical residents to improve their trauma resuscitation skills. It does not target older people, does not use exergames, and is not focused on preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Moreira, G. M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Strategies Adopted by Stroke Patients to Maintain Balance in Dynamic Tasks in a Video Game.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MOTOR BEHAVIOR 55(4): 384-393.
[Abstract] Postural instability affects motor tasks after a stroke. We investigated the strategies used to maintain balance during quiet standing posture and dynamic tasks in a video game. Sixteen stroke volunteers (12 males, 56 +/- 9 years, post-stroke time 35 +/- 10 months) and sixteen matched healthy volunteers had their biomechanical data collected to obtain the variables: center of mass, base of support, margin of stability, and weight symmetry. Healthy individuals and stroke patients showed similar dynamic stability. However, they adopted different motor strategies to achieve this: healthy individuals increased their base of support as they progressed to more challenging tasks, and stroke volunteers maintained the same base. The margin of stability of stroke volunteers was correlated with the MiniBEST scale.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the strategies adopted by stroke patients to maintain balance during dynamic tasks in a video game, and it does not specifically target older people or aim to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Morris, B., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Differing postural control patterns in individuals with bilateral and unilateral hearing loss.
[Journal]  AMERICAN JOURNAL OF OTOLARYNGOLOGY 44(4).
[Abstract] Objectives: Hearing loss (HL) is associated with imbalance and increased fall risk. The mechanism underlying this relationship and differences across types of hearing loss remains unclear. Head mounted displays (HMD) can shed light on postural control mechanisms via an analysis of head sway.Purpose: The purpose of this study was to evaluate head sway in response to sensory perturbations in individuals with bilateral (BHL) or unilateral hearing loss (UHL) and compare them to controls. Materials and methods: We recruited 36 controls, 23 individuals with UHL and 14 with BHL. An HMD (HTC Vive) measured head sway while participants stood on the floor, hips-width apart. Stimuli included two levels of visuals and sound. Root Mean Square Velocity (RMSV) and Power Spectral Density (PSD) were used to quantify head sway. Results: Adjusting for age, individuals with BHL had significantly higher anterior-posterior and medio-lateral RMSV than controls and individuals with UHL. Individuals with UHL demonstrated significantly lower response to visual perturbations in RMSV AP and in all 3 frequency segments of PSD compared to controls. Individuals with UHL showed significantly lower movements at high frequencies compared to controls. Sounds or severity of HL did not impact head sway.Conclusions: Individuals with BHL demonstrated increased sway with visual perturbations and should be clinically assessed for balance performance and fall risk. Individuals with UHL exhibited reduced responses to visual stimuli compared with controls, which may reflect conscious movement processing. Additional studies are needed to further understand the mechanistic relationship between hearing loss and imbalance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on evaluating head sway in individuals with bilateral and unilateral hearing loss using a head-mounted display (HMD) to measure postural control. It is not an intervention study, and it does not involve exergames or a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls in older people.

[Author]   Morris, R. S., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Improved Prediction of Older Adult Discharge After Trauma Using a Novel Machine Learning Paradigm.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SURGICAL RESEARCH 270: 39-48.
[Abstract] Background: The ability to reliably predict outcomes after trauma in older adults (age > 65 y) is critical for clinical decision making. Using novel machine-learning techniques, we sought to design a nonlinear, competing risks paradigm for prediction of older adult discharge disposition following injury. Materials and methods: The National Trauma Databank (NTDB) was used to identify patients 65 + y between 2007 and 2014. Training was performed on an enriched cohort of diverse patients. Factors included age, comorbidities, length of stay, and physiologic parameters to predict in-hospital mortality and discharge disposition (home versus skilled nursing/longterm care facility). Length of stay and discharge status were analyzed via competing risks survival analysis with Bayesian additive regression trees and a multinomial mixed model. Results: The resulting sample size was 47,037 patients. Admission GCS and age were important in predicting mortality and discharge disposition. As GCS decreased, patients were more likely to die (risk ratio increased by average of 1.4 per 2-point drop in GCS, P < 0.001). As GCS decreased, patients were also more likely to be discharged to a skilled nursing or long-term care facility (risk ratio decreased by 0.08 per 2-point decrease in GCS, P < 0.001). The area under curve for prediction of discharge home was improved in the competing risks model 0.73 versus 0.43 in the traditional multinomial mixed model. Conclusions: Predicting older adult discharge disposition after trauma is improved using machine learning over traditional regression analysis. We confirmed that a nonlinear, competing risks paradigm enhances prediction on any given hospital day post injury. (c) 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using machine learning to predict discharge disposition in older adults after trauma. It does not involve the use of exergames as an intervention, nor does it report on a randomized controlled trial related to preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Mosfeldt, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Development and Internal Validation of a Multivariable Prediction Model for Mortality After Hip Fracture with Machine Learning Techniques.
[Journal]  CALCIFIED TISSUE INTERNATIONAL 114(6): 568-582.
[Abstract] In order to estimate the likelihood of 1, 3, 6 and 12 month mortality in patients with hip fractures, we applied a variety of machine learning methods using readily available, preoperative data. We used prospectively collected data from a single university hospital in Copenhagen, Denmark for consecutive patients with hip fractures, aged 60 years and older, treated between September 2008 to September 2010 (n = 1186). Preoperative biochemical and anamnestic data were used as predictors and outcome was survival at 1, 3, 6 and 12 months after the fracture. After feature selection for each timepoint a stratified split was done (70/30) before training and validating Random Forest models, extreme gradient boosting (XGB) and Generalized Linear Models. We evaluated and compared each model using receiver operator characteristic (ROC), calibration slope and intercept, Spiegelhalter's z- test and Decision Curve Analysis. Using combinations of between 10 and 13 anamnestic and biochemical parameters we were able to successfully estimate the likelihood of mortality with an area under the curve on ROC curves of 0.79, 0.80, 0.79 and 0.81 for 1, 3, 6 and 12 month, respectively. The XGB was the overall best calibrated and most promising model. The XGB model most successfully estimated the likelihood of mortality postoperatively. An easy-to-use model could be helpful in perioperative decisions concerning level of care, focused research and information to patients. External validation is necessary before widespread use and is currently underway, an online tool has been developed for educational/experimental purposes (https://hipfx.shinyapps.io/hipfx/).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and validating a prediction model for mortality after hip fracture using machine learning techniques. It does not involve the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Mosquera, C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Chest x-ray automated triage: A semiologic approach designed for clinical implementation, exploiting different types of labels through a combination of four Deep Learning architectures.
[Journal]  COMPUTER METHODS AND PROGRAMS IN BIOMEDICINE 206.
[Abstract] Background and objectives: The multiple chest x-ray datasets released in the last years have ground-truth labels intended for different computer vision tasks, suggesting that performance in automated chest x-ray interpretation might improve by using a method that can exploit diverse types of annotations. This work presents a Deep Learning method based on the late fusion of different convolutional architectures, that allows training with heterogeneous data with a simple implementation, and evaluates its performance on independent test data. We focused on obtaining a clinically useful tool that could be successfully integrated into a hospital workflow.Materials and methods: Based on expert opinion, we selected four target chest x-ray findings, namely lung opacities, fractures, pneumothorax and pleural effusion. For each finding we defined the most suitable type of ground-truth label, and built four training datasets combining images from public chest x-ray datasets and our institutional archive. We trained four different Deep Learning architectures and combined their outputs with a late fusion strategy, obtaining a unified tool. The performance was measured on two test datasets: an external openly-available dataset, and a retrospective institutional dataset, to estimate performance on the local population.Results: The external and local test sets had 4376 and 1064 images, respectively, for which the model showed an area under the Receiver Operating Characteristics curve of 0.75 (95%CI: 0.74-0.76) and 0.87 (95%CI: 0.86-0.89) in the detection of abnormal chest x-rays. For the local population, a sensitivity of 86% (95%CI: 84-90), and a specificity of 88% (95%CI: 86-90) were obtained, with no significant differences between demographic subgroups. We present examples of heatmaps to show the accomplished level of interpretability, examining true and false positives.Conclusion: This study presents a new approach for exploiting heterogeneous labels from different chest x-ray datasets, by choosing Deep Learning architectures according to the radiological characteristics of each pathological finding. We estimated the tool's performance on the local population, obtaining results comparable to state-of-the-art metrics. We believe this approach is closer to the actual reading process of chest x-rays by professionals, and therefore more likely to be successful in a real clinical setting. (C) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and evaluation of a Deep Learning method for automated chest x-ray triage. It does not meet any of the criteria specified for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Mosquera-Lopez, C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Automated Detection of Real-World Falls: Modeled From People With Multiple Sclerosis.
[Journal]  IEEE JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATICS 25(6): 1975-1984.
[Abstract] Falls are a major health problem with one in three people over the age of 65 falling each year, oftentimes causing hip fractures, disability, reduced mobility, hospitalization and death. A major limitation in fall detection algorithm development is an absence of real-world falls data. Fall detection algorithms are typically trained on simulated fall data that contain a well-balanced number of examples of falls and activities of daily living. However, real-world falls occur infrequently, making them difficult to capture and causing severe data imbalance. People with multiple sclerosis (MS) fall frequently, and their risk of falling increases with disease progression. Because of their high fall incidence, people with MS provide an ideal model for studying falls. This paper describes the development of a context-aware fall detection system based on inertial sensors and time of flight sensors that is robust to imbalance, which is trained and evaluated on real-world falls in people with MS. The algorithm uses an auto-encoder that detects fall candidates using reconstruction error of accelerometer signals followed by a hyper-ensemble of balanced random forests trained using both acceleration and movement features. On a clinical dataset obtained from 25 people with MS monitored over eight weeks during free-living conditions, 54 falls were observed and our system achieved a sensitivity of 92.14%, and false-positive rate of 0.65 false alarms per day.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the development and evaluation of a context-aware fall detection system for people with multiple sclerosis (MS) using real-world falls data. It does not involve an exergame intervention, nor does it target older people specifically. The study is about fall detection, not fall prevention through exergames.

[Author]   Motohashi, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    A New Deep Learning Algorithm for Detecting Spinal Metastases on Computed Tomography Images.
[Journal]  SPINE 49(6): 390-397.
[Abstract] Study Design.Retrospective diagnostic study.Objective.To automatically detect osteolytic bone metastasis lesions in the thoracolumbar region using conventional computed tomography (CT) scans, we developed a new deep learning (DL)-based computer-aided detection model.Summary of Background Data.Radiographic detection of bone metastasis is often difficult, even for orthopedic surgeons and diagnostic radiologists, with a consequent risk for pathologic fracture or spinal cord injury. If we can improve detection rates, we will be able to prevent the deterioration of patients' quality of life at the end stage of cancer.Materials and Methods.This study included CT scans acquired at Tokyo Medical and Dental University (TMDU) Hospital between 2016 and 2022. A total of 263 positive CT scans that included at least one osteolytic bone metastasis lesion in the thoracolumbar spine and 172 negative CT scans without bone metastasis were collected for the datasets to train and validate the DL algorithm. As a test data set, 20 positive and 20 negative CT scans were separately collected from the training and validation datasets. To evaluate the performance of the established artificial intelligence (AI) model, sensitivity, precision, F1-score, and specificity were calculated. The clinical utility of our AI model was also evaluated through observer studies involving six orthopaedic surgeons and six radiologists.Results.Our AI model showed a sensitivity, precision, and F1-score of 0.78, 0.68, and 0.72 (per slice) and 0.75, 0.36, and 0.48 (per lesion), respectively. The observer studies revealed that our AI model had comparable sensitivity to orthopaedic or radiology experts and improved the sensitivity and F1-score of residents.Conclusion.We developed a novel DL-based AI model for detecting osteolytic bone metastases in the thoracolumbar spine. Although further improvement in accuracy is needed, the current AI model may be applied to current clinical practice.Level of Evidence.Level III.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a deep learning algorithm for detecting spinal metastases on CT images, which does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Mouloodi, S., et al. (2022).
[Title]    How Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Is Assisting Us to Extract Meaning from Data on Bone Mechanics? BIOMEDICAL VISUALISATION, VOL
[Journal]  11. P. M. Rea. 1356: 195-221.
[Abstract] Dramatic advancements in interdisciplinary research with the fourth paradigm of science, especially the implementation of computer science, nourish the potential for artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), and artificial neural network (ANN) algorithms to be applied to studies concerning mechanics of bones. Despite recent enormous advancement in techniques, gaining deep knowledge to find correlations between bone shape, material, mechanical, and physical responses as well as properties is a daunting task. This is due to both complexity of the material itself and the convoluted shapes that this complex material forms. Moreover, many uncertainties and ambiguities exist concerning the use of traditional computational techniques that hinders gaining a full comprehension of this advanced biological material. This book chapter offers a review of literature on the use of AI, ML, and ANN in the study of bone mechanics research. A main question as to why to implement AI and ML in the mechanics of bones is fully addressed and explained. This chapter also introduces AI and ML and elaborates on the main features of ML algorithms such as learning paradigms, subtypes, main ideas with examples, performance metrics, training algorithms, and training datasets. As a frequently employed ML algorithm in bone mechanics, feedforward ANNs are discussed to make their taxonomy and working principles more readily comprehensible to researchers. A summary as well as detailed review of papers that employed ANNs to learn from collected data on bone mechanics are presented. Reviewing literature on the use of these data-driven tools is essential since their wider application has the potential to: improve clinical assessments enabling real-time simulations; avoid and/or minimize injuries; and, encourage early detection of such injuries in the first place.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and artificial neural networks in the study of bone mechanics. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any form of intervention aimed at preventing falls. The focus is on a review of literature and the application of AI and ML techniques to understand bone mechanics, which does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Moumni, H. and F. Elghazouani (2023). 
[Title]    The impact of COVID-19 and the confinement on the secondary level students of the Eastern region of Morocco.
[Journal]  INDIAN JOURNAL OF PSYCHIATRY 65(11): 1176-1183.
[Abstract] Context:In March 2020, Morocco announced the first COVID-19 case and implemented preventive measures, including home confinement.Aims:Monitoring the psychological effects and prevalence among high- and middle-school students.Settings and Design:This study is cross-sectional, carried online.Methods and Materials:The survey was conducted by publishing an online questionnaire between May 14, 2020 and June 14, 2020, which included inquiries about socio-demographic data, the conditions of home confinement, activities carried out during confinement, and medical history and sleep patterns. To assess depressive disorder, anxiety disorders, and stress, the survey employed the "DSRS-c," "SCARED," and "PSS10" scales, respectively.Statistical Analysis Used:Data were received on Google forms coded by Excel 2010 and analyzed by IBM SPSS Statistics 22.Results:Out of the 689 participants, 73.7% were females; the mean age was 16.08 years (standard deviation 1.48). 94.8% of subjects reported changes in sleep habits, and 41.4% of adolescents had high levels of depressive symptoms, while 50.7% had high levels of anxiety symptoms. Several factors were significantly associated with anxiety and depressive symptoms, including being a girl (P = 0.000), being a high-school student (P = 0.011), economic struggles during the pandemic (P = 0.003), doubting the necessity of home confinement (P = 0.000), spending over 3 hours a day on social networks and video games (P = 0.000), dropping out of remote learning (P = 0.000), having a psychiatric history (P = 0.000), having chronic illnesses in the family (P = 0.002), and changes in sleep habits (P = 0.000).Conclusions:The study found high prevalence of depression, anxiety, and stress symptoms among students during the pandemic, emphasizing the need for mental health awareness and support.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the psychological effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and home confinement on secondary level students in the Eastern region of Morocco. It does not target older people, does not involve an exergame intervention, and does not report results from a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Mousavian, A., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Tibiofibular syndesmosis in asymptomatic ankles: initial kinematic analysis using four-dimensional CT.
[Journal]  CLINICAL RADIOLOGY 74(7).
[Abstract] AIM: To evaluate the reliability of ankle syndesmotic measurements and their changes during active motion using four-dimensional computed tomography (4DCT) examination in asymptomatic ankles.MATERIALS AND METHODS: 4DCT was performed on both ankles of patients with signs and symptoms of unilateral ankle instability. Ankles from the asymptomatic side of 10 consecutive patients were included in this analysis. Five ankle syndesmotic measurements were adopted from the available literature and performed by two fellowship-trained foot and ankle surgeons: (1) syndesmotic anterior distance (SAD); (2) syndesmotic posterior distance (SPD); (3) syndesmotic translation (ST); (4) syndesmotic tibiofibular angle (STFA); and (5) ankle tibiofibular angle (ATFA). A Monte Carlo simulation was also performed to obtain exact p-values with 99% confidence intervals.RESULTS: Excellent interobserver reliability was observed among the two readers for four out of five measurements (intra-class correlation coefficients [ICC]: 0.767-0.995, p<0.001 -0.020). The ICC values for SAD were not statistically significant (ICC=0.548 and 0.569 for dorsi and plantarfiexion respectively, p=0.1). Among the five measurements, only ST measurements had significant changes during active motion (median [interquartile range] for change: -0.70 mm [-1.6-0.10]; p=0.012). Of the above measurements, only the ST measurements demonstrated a negative linear association with the tibiocalcaneal angle during active motion (beta=-2.5, p=0.04).CONCLUSIONS: Reliable quantitative kinematic assessment of ankle syndesmosis can be performed using 4DCT examination. Syndesmotic measurements remain unchanged during ankle motion except for the syndesmotic translation, which tends to decrease during plantar flexion. (C) 2019 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of The Royal College of Radiologists.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the evaluation of ankle syndesmosis measurements using four-dimensional computed tomography (4DCT) in asymptomatic ankles. It does not mention any exergames, interventions targeting older people, or randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Mozolev, O., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Influence of Physical Fitness of Students on the Quality of Leisure Organization in a Sports and Health Tourism.
[Journal]  REVISTA ROMANEASCA PENTRU EDUCATIE MULTIDIMENSIONALA 12(2): 117-131.
[Abstract] The relevance of the study is to set priorities in preparing students for walking sports and recreation trip. The article deals with the problem of the influence of students' physical fitness on the quality of a tourist trip organization, namely, on reasonable time to complete the route, to bivouac, to cook, to organize leisure and recreation activities. The authors have analyzed the content of sports and recreation tourism, revealed its features and advantages, and defined its positive impact on the human well-being and renewal of their functional capabilities. 67 students aged 17-19 of Khmelnytskyi Humanitarian-Pedagogical Academy (Ukraine) have participated in the research, who were the part of the experimental group (EG) - (n=33) and the control group (CG) - (n=34). Students of experimental group were trained according to the program of "comprehensive physical training of tourist", students from control group were trained according the traditional system of training. Assessment of the results was carried out by expert-teachers of the department of the theory and methodology of physical culture and valeology of Khmelnytskyi Humanitarian-Pedagogical Academy. According to experts, this training allowed students of the experimental group to reduce the time to pass the route by 11.7 %, to overcome natural obstacles by 40.3 %, to cook by 18.5 %, to bivouack by 20.6 %, which, respectively, allowed by 78 % increase the time spent on leisure organization (games, entertainment, local lore activity) and 2.2 times increase the time for recreation activities (bathing, walking, active recreation).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the physical fitness of students and its impact on the quality of leisure organization during a sports and health tourism trip. The participants are young students (aged 17-19), and the intervention involves a training program, not an exergame. Additionally, the study is not related to fall prevention in older adults.

[Author]   Mueller, H., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Exergaming in older adults: the effects of game characteristics on brain activity and physical activity.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 15.
[Abstract] IntroductionExergames are increasingly used in rehabilitation settings for older adults to train physical and cognitive abilities. To meet the potential that exergames hold, they need to be adapted to the individual abilities of the player and their training objectives. Therefore, it is important to know whether and how game characteristics affect their playing. The aim of this study is to investigate the effect of two different kinds of exergame (step game and balance game) played at two difficulty levels on brain activity and physical activity. MethodsTwenty-eight older independently living adults played two different exergames at two difficulty levels each. In addition, the same movements as during gaming (leaning sideways with feet in place and stepping sideways) were performed as reference movements. Brain activity was recorded using a 64-channel EEG system to assess brain activity, while physical activity was recorded using an accelerometer at the lower back and a heart rate sensor. Source-space analysis was applied to analyze the power spectral density in theta (4 Hz-7 Hz) and alpha-2 (10 Hz-12 Hz) frequency bands. Vector magnitude was applied to the acceleration data. ResultsFriedman ANOVA revealed significantly higher theta power for the exergaming conditions compared to the reference movement for both games. Alpha-2 power showed a more diverse pattern which might be attributed to task-specific conditions. Acceleration decreased significantly from the reference movement to the easy condition to the hard condition for both games. DiscussionThe results indicate that exergaming increases frontal theta activity irrespective of type of game or difficulty level, while physical activity decreases with increasing difficulty level. Heart rate was found to be an inappropriate measure in this population older adults. These findings contribute to understanding of how game characteristics affect physical and cognitive activity and consequently need to be taken into account when choosing appropriate games and game settings for exergame interventions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Instead, it investigates the effects of different exergame characteristics on brain activity and physical activity in older adults. While the study includes older adults and uses exergames, the primary objective is to understand the impact of game characteristics on brain and physical activity, rather than to evaluate the effectiveness of exergames in preventing falls. Additionally, the paper does not report a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Mueller, H., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Exergaming interventions for older adults: The effect of game characteristics on gameplay.
[Journal]  EXPERIMENTAL GERONTOLOGY 197.
[Abstract] Purpose: Exergames can be used to train physical and cognitive abilities and have been shown to be effective in reducing the risk of falls in older adults. However, there is limited evidence about how people play exergames and how gameplay is affected by game settings and, thus, the potential training effects. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of repeated exergaming sessions over 4 weeks and two game settings (difficulty level and game speed) on gameplay (performance, physical activity and perceived exertion) in older adults over a fourweek exergaming intervention. Methods: 28 independently living older adults (mean age 74.47 years; 14 females) played two different exergames (Puzzle and Fox) at two difficulty levels 3x per week for 4 weeks. Physical activity measures from an accelerometer at the lower back, performance as game scores from the exergaming system, and self-reported measures of physical and cognitive exertion were collected at sessions 1,2,3,6,9 and 12. Results: For the Puzzle game, performance and physical activity increased significantly across the 12 training sessions. For the Fox game, an increased game speed was associated with increased performance, physical activity, and exertion across the exergaming sessions. Across all exergaming sessions, increasing difficulty by adding cognitive elements decreased the performance and amount of physical activity. Conclusion: Game characteristics significantly influence how the exergames are played during a 4-week exergaming intervention. Hence, individual tailoring of the difficulty level and game speed is important. This study highlights the importance of understanding the interplay between game characteristics and gameplay during an exergaming intervention, thereby adding critical information for interpreting intervention effects - or the lack thereof.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. While the paper does target older adults and involves exergames, it focuses on how game characteristics (such as difficulty level and game speed) affect gameplay, physical activity, and perceived exertion. The study is not specifically about using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Instead, it investigates the impact of game settings on gameplay and performance. Additionally, the results reported are related to these gameplay metrics rather than fall prevention outcomes.

[Author]   Mugueta-Aguinaga, I. and B. Garcia-Zapirain (2017). 
[Title]    Is Technology Present in Frailty? Technology a Back-up Tool for Dealing with Frailty in the Elderly: A Systematic Review.
[Journal]  AGING AND DISEASE 8(2): 176-195.
[Abstract] This study analyzes the technologies used in dealing with frailty within the following areas: prevention, care, diagnosis and treatment. The aim of this paper is, on the one hand, to analyze the extent to which technology is present in terms of its relationship with frailty and what technological resources are used to treat it. Its other purpose is to define new challenges and contributions made by physiotherapy using technology. Eighty documents related to research, validation and/ or the ascertaining of different types of hardware, software or both were reviewed in prominent areas. The authors used the following scales: in the area of diagnosis, Fried's phenotype model of frailty and a model based on trials for the design of devices. The technologies developed that are based on these models accounted for 55% and 45% of cases respectively. In the area of prevention, the results proved similar regarding the use of wireless sensors with cameras (35.71%), and Kinect(TM) sensors (28.57%) to analyze movements and postures that indicate a risk of falling. In the area of care, results were found referring to the use of different motion, physiological and environmental wireless sensors (46,15%), i.e. so- called smart homes. In the area of treatment, the results show with a percentage of 37.5% that the Nintendor((R)) Wii(TM) console is the most used tool for treating frailty in elderly persons. Further work needs to be carried out to reduce the gap existing between technology, frail elderly persons, healthcare professionals and carers to bring together the different views about technology. This need raises the challenge of developing and implementing technology in physiotherapy via serious games that may via play and connectivity help to improve the functional capacity, general health and quality of life of frail individuals.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that discusses various technologies used in dealing with frailty in the elderly, including prevention, care, diagnosis, and treatment. While it mentions the use of exergames (e.g., Kinect sensors and the Nintendo Wii) in the context of preventing falls and treating frailty, it does not focus specifically on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Additionally, the paper is a review and does not report the results of randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the specific question.

[Author]   Muhla, F., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Impact of using immersive virtual reality over time and steps in the Timed Up and Go test in elderly people.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 15(3).
[Abstract] Today, falls constitute a substantial health problem, especially in the elderly, and the diagnostic tests used by clinicians present often a low sensitivity and specificity. This is the case for the Timed Up and Go test which lacks contextualization with regard to everyday life limiting the relevance of its diagnosis. Virtual reality enables the creation of immersive, reproducible and secure environments, close to situations encountered in daily life, and as such could improve falling risk assessment. This study aims to evaluate the effect of immersive virtual reality by wearing a virtual reality headset with a non-disturbing virtual environment compared to real world on the Timed Up and Go test completion. Thirty-one elders (73.7 +/- 9 years old) volunteered to participate in the study and the mean times and number of steps to complete a Timed Up and Go were compared in two conditions: actual-world clinical and virtual reality conditions. The results showed that the mean completion times and most of the mean number of steps of the Timed Up and Go in virtual reality condition were significantly different to those in clinical condition. These results suggest that there is a virtual reality effect and this effect is significantly correlated to the time taken to complete the Timed Up and Go. This information will be of interest to quantify the potential part of virtual reality effect on the motor control, measured in a virtual task using virtual controlled disturbances.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper examines the impact of using immersive virtual reality on the Timed Up and Go test in elderly people, which is related to assessing fall risk. However, it does not specifically focus on using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The study compares the performance of the Timed Up and Go test in a virtual reality environment versus a real-world environment, but it does not describe a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls through exergames. Therefore, based on the given criteria, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Muhla, F., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Does the Management of Visual and Audible Motion Information during an Immersive Virtual Reality Timed Up and Go Test Impact Locomotor Performance in the Elderly?
[Journal]  GERONTOLOGY 68(4): 456-464.
[Abstract] Background/Aims: Falling among the elderly is a major public health issue, especially with the advancing age of the baby boomers. The fall risk assessment tests for many lack a context that would bring them closer to everyday life. Thus, immersive virtual reality, which makes it possible to simulate everyday situations, could make it possible to strengthen the quality of the assessment of the risk of falls. However, it is necessary to understand how the use of a virtual reality device influences the motor control of elderly participants. If vestibular physiotherapists use VR to virtualize their tools, what impact would a visual simulation of movement have on motor control in a locomotor task, if this simulation were plausible? Methods: Sixty-two elders (70.8 +/- 6.7 years old) completed a Timed Up and Go task under 3 conditions: real, virtual reality, and virtual reality with visual and sound movement information. The virtual reality task takes place in a train either stationary at a station or in uniform linear motion. The time and number of steps were recorded using video, and comparisons between conditions were made using Friedman's test. Results: The results show a significant increase in the time and number of steps in "virtual reality" condition compared to the "real" condition. They do not show significant differences between the 2 virtual conditions. Conclusion: The use of a running virtual train to provide plausible movement is particularly distinguished from vestibular physiotherapy applications with first a fixed visual support partially obscuring the optical flow. This visual aid coupled with the attention dedicated to the task inhibits the effect of the moving environment on locomotion. However, the visual optical flow will potentially have an effect in people with fear of falling. Virtual reality shows great potential for the simulation of realistic environments for the assessment of the risk of falls and opens up avenues for the development of tests.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper investigates the impact of visual and audible motion information during an immersive virtual reality Timed Up and Go test on locomotor performance in the elderly. While it involves older people and uses virtual reality, the focus is on assessing the influence of different conditions (real, virtual reality, and virtual reality with visual and sound movement information) on motor control, rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Mujirishvili, T., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Acceptance and Privacy Perceptions Toward Video-based Active and Assisted Living Technologies: Scoping Review.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INTERNET RESEARCH 25.
[Abstract] Background: The aging society posits new socioeconomic challenges to which a potential solution is active and assisted living (AAL) technologies. Visual-based sensing systems are technologically among the most advantageous forms of AAL technologies in providing health and social care; however, they come at the risk of violating rights to privacy. With the immersion of video-based technologies, privacy-preserving smart solutions are being developed; however, the user acceptance research about these developments is not yet being systematized.Objective: With this scoping review, we aimed to gain an overview of existing studies examining the viewpoints of older adults and/or their caregivers on technology acceptance and privacy perceptions, specifically toward video-based AAL technology.Methods: A total of 22 studies were identified with a primary focus on user acceptance and privacy attitudes during a literature search of major databases. Methodological quality assessment and thematic analysis of the selected studies were executed and principal findings are summarized. The PRISMA-ScR (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses Extension for Scoping Reviews) guidelines were followed at every step of this scoping review.Results: Acceptance attitudes toward video-based AAL technologies are rather conditional, and are summarized into five main themes seen from the two end-user perspectives: caregiver and care receiver. With privacy being a major barrier to video-based AAL technologies, security and medical safety were identified as the major benefits across the studies.Conclusions: This review reveals a very low methodological quality of the empirical studies assessing user acceptance of video-based AAL technologies. We propose that more specific and more end user- and real life-targeting research is needed to assess the acceptance of proposed solutions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a scoping review that focuses on the acceptance and privacy perceptions of video-based active and assisted living (AAL) technologies among older adults and their caregivers. It does not specifically address the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, nor does it include randomized controlled trials with reported results. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people with exergames and reporting on randomized controlled trial outcomes.

[Author]   Mulitauopele, C., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    The Association of School Learning Environment With Adolescent Health Behaviors.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SCHOOL HEALTH 93(8): 649-658.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: In 2020, schools shifted to remote learning in response to mitigating COVID-19. Since then, students have fluctuated between in-person and remote learning environments. Changes to instructional models raise questions about the impact on health.METHODS: This study leveraged a statewide surveillance system (Healthy Kids Colorado Survey) to examine the relationship between learning environment and adolescent health. The survey was administered in Fall 2020 to 26 high schools, resulting in 4564 respondents.RESULTS: Overall, results suggested positive and negative associations between the 3 learning environments. Notably, as compared to in-person students, hybrid and remote students reported more stress (OR = 1.82, p < .001; OR = 1.41, p = .001), less school connectedness (OR = 0.71 and 0.61, p < .001); remote students reported more parental abuse (OR =1.33, p = .010) and less alcohol consumption (OR = 0.61, p < .001).CONCLUSION: This study may be used to better understand risk and protective factors experienced by youth at school and home with the goal of improving prevention strategies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the association between different learning environments (in-person, hybrid, and remote) and adolescent health behaviors, including stress, school connectedness, parental abuse, and alcohol consumption. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Mullan, S. M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Predicting use of a gait-stabilizing device using a Wii Balance Board.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 18(10).
[Abstract] Gait-stabilizing devices (GSDs) are effective at preventing falls, but people are often reluctant to use them until after experiencing a fall. Inexpensive, convenient, and effective methods for predicting which patients need GSDs could help improve adoption. The purpose of this study was to determine if a Wii Balance Board (WBB) can be used to determine whether or not patients use a GSD. We prospectively recruited participants ages 70-100, some who used GSDs and some who did not. Participants first answered questions from the Modified Vulnerable Elders Survey, and then completed a grip-strength test using a handgrip dynamometer. Finally, they were asked to complete a series of four 30-second balance tests on a WBB in random order: (1) eyes open, feet apart; (2) eyes open, feet together; (3) eyes closed, feet apart; and (4) eyes closed, feet together. The four-test series was repeated a second time in the same random order. The resulting data, represented as 25 features extracted from the questionnaires and the grip test, and data from the eight balance tests, were used to predict a subject's GSD use using generalized functional linear models based on the Bernoulli distribution. 268 participants were consented; 62 were missing data elements and were removed from analysis; 109 were not GSD users and 97 were GSD users. The use of velocity and acceleration information from the WBB improved upon predictions based solely on grip strength, demographic, and survey variables. The WBB is a convenient, inexpensive, and easy-to-use device that can be used to recommend whether or not patients should be using a GSD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention in this study is the use of a Wii Balance Board (WBB) to predict whether patients should use a gait-stabilizing device (GSD). While the WBB is used, it is not being used as an exergame or for cognitive training, but rather as a tool to measure balance and predict the need for a GSD. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial that evaluates the effectiveness of an exergame in preventing falls.

[Author]   Munoz, J. E., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Lessons Learned from Gamifying Functional Fitness Training Through Human-Centered Design Methods in Older Adults.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 8(6): 387-406.
[Abstract] Background: The design of meaningful and enjoyable Exergames for fitness training in older adults possesses critical challenges in matching user's needs and motivators with game elements. These challenges are often due to the lack of knowledge of seniors' game preferences and technology literacy as well as a poor involvement of the target population in the design process. Objective: This research aims at describing a detailed and scrutinized use case of applying human-centered design methodologies in the gamification of fitness training routines and illustrates how to incorporate seniors' feedback in the game design pipeline. Materials and Methods: We focus on how to use the insights from human-centered inquiries to improve in-game elements, such as mechanics or esthetics, and how to iterate the game design process based on playtesting sessions in the field. Results: We present a set of four Exergames created to train the critical functional fitness areas of older adults. We show how through rapid prototyping methods and multidisciplinary research, Exergames can be rigorously designed and developed to match individual physical capabilities. Moreover, we propose a set of guidelines for the design of context-aware Exergames based on the lessons learned. Conclusion: We highlight the process followed; it depicts 19 weeks of various activities delivering particular and actionable items that can be used as a checklist for future games for health design projects.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the design and development process of Exergames for older adults, using human-centered design methodologies. While it does involve Exergames and older adults, the primary objective is to describe the design process and provide guidelines, rather than reporting the results of a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Murphy, M., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Simulation-based multidisciplinary team training decreases time to critical operations for trauma patients.
[Journal]  INJURY-INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF THE CARE OF THE INJURED 49(5): 953-958.
[Abstract] Background: Simulation has been promoted as a platform for training trauma teams. However, it is not clear if this training has an impact on health service delivery and patient outcomes. This study evaluates the association between implementation of a simulation based multidisciplinary trauma team training program at a metropolitan trauma centre and subsequent patient outcomes.Method: This was a retrospective review of trauma registry data collected at an 850-bed Level 1 Adult Trauma Centre in Sydney, Australia. Two concurrent four-year periods, before and after implementation of a simulation based multidisciplinary trauma team training program were compared for differences in time to critical operations, Emergency Department (ED) length of stay (LOS) and patient mortality.Results: There were 2389 major trauma patients admitted to the hospital during the study, 1116 in the four years preceding trauma team training (the PREgroup) and 1273 in the subsequent 4 years (the POST group). There were no differences between the groups with respect to gender, body region injured, incidence of polytrauma, and pattern of arrival to ED. The POST group was older (median age 54 versus 43 years, p < 0.001) and had a higher incidence of falls and assaults (p < 0.001). There was a reduction in time to critical operation, from 2.63 h (IQR 1.23-5.12) in the PRE-group to 0.55 h (IQR 0.22-1.27) in the POST-group, p < 0.001. The overall ED LOS increased, and there was no reduction in mortality. Post-hoc analysis found LOS in ED was reduced in the cohort requiring critical operations, p < 0.001.Conclusion: The implementation of trauma team training was associated with a reduction in time to critical operation while overall ED length of stay increased. Simulation is promoted as a platform for training teams; but the complexity of trauma care challenges efforts to demonstrate direct links between multidisciplinary team training and improved outcomes. There remain considerable gaps in knowledge as to how team training impacts health service delivery and patient outcomes. Level of evidence: Retrospective comparative therapeutic/care management study, Level III evidence. Crown Copyright (C) 2018 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the impact of simulation-based multidisciplinary team training on the time to critical operations for trauma patients, and it does not involve exergames or target older people specifically for fall prevention.

[Author]   Murthy, A. S. D., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    A virtual reality research of Gait analysis in the medicine fields.
[Journal]  AIP Conference Proceedings: 020040 (020047 pp.)-020040 (020047 pp.).
[Abstract] Therapeutic effects for rehabilitation of the older adult are provided by virtual realities therapy, but the body's balance remains unclear. The objective was to characterize the effect of senior physiotherapy therapy treatments with VRT on their balance-rehabilitation. Virtual Reality is a technology often used in many fields of cinema, sport, entertainment and simulation. Machine imaging and materials seek in the present circumstances to simulate a real presence. Their sensory abilities in medicine are of practical value. His significance in the field of healthcare should thus be explored. Older individuals are most frequently affected by injury and injury-related deaths. This study evaluated the effect on the balance and the gait capabilities of falling elderly individuals. Ten articles met the inclusion criteria, which demonstrated variety in treatment types (70%) and evaluated outcomes (60 percent). The article focuses on a review of literature in which we comprehend how this technology solves a medical issue to save the lives and vital applications of a patient. [The copyright for the referenced work is owned by Author(s). Copies of full-text articles should only be made or obtained from the publisher or authorized sources.]
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract indicates that the paper is a review of literature focusing on the effects of virtual reality therapy (VRT) on balance and gait in older adults. It does not describe an original randomized controlled trial, and it summarizes findings from ten articles rather than presenting new data. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as specified.

[Author]   Mutlu, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Predicting hospital admissions for upper respiratory tract complaints: An artificial neural network approach integrating air pollution and meteorological factors.
[Journal]  ENVIRONMENTAL MONITORING AND ASSESSMENT 196(8).
[Abstract] This study uses artificial neural networks (ANNs) to examine the intricate relationship between air pollutants, meteorological factors, and respiratory disorders. The study investigates the correlation between hospital admissions for respiratory diseases and the levels of PM10 and SO2 pollutants, as well as local meteorological conditions, using data from 2017 to 2019. The objective of this study is to clarify the impact of air pollution on the well-being of the general population, specifically focusing on respiratory ailments. An ANN called a multilayer perceptron (MLP) was used. The network was trained using the Levenberg-Marquardt (LM) backpropagation algorithm. The data revealed a substantial increase in hospital admissions for upper respiratory tract diseases, amounting to a total of 11,746 cases. There were clear seasonal fluctuations, with fall having the highest number of cases of bronchitis (N = 181), sinusitis (N = 83), and upper respiratory infections (N = 194). The study also found demographic differences, with females and people aged 18 to 65 years having greater admission rates. The performance of the ANN model, measured using R2 values, demonstrated a high level of predictive accuracy. Specifically, the R2 value was 0.91675 during training, 0.99182 during testing, and 0.95287 for validating the prediction of asthma. The comparative analysis revealed that the ANN-MLP model provided the most optimal result. The results emphasize the effectiveness of ANNs in representing the complex relationships between air quality, climatic conditions, and respiratory health. The results offer crucial insights for formulating focused healthcare policies and treatments to alleviate the detrimental impact of air pollution and meteorological factors.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using artificial neural networks to predict hospital admissions for upper respiratory tract complaints based on air pollution and meteorological factors. It does not meet any of the criteria specified for the use of exergames to prevent falls in older people.

[Author]   Mylius, V., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Imbalance and Falls in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: Causes and Recent Developments in Training and Sensor-Based Assessment.
[Journal]  BRAIN SCIENCES 14(7).
[Abstract] Imbalance and falls in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) do not only reduce their quality of life but also their life expectancy. Aging-related symptoms as well as disease-specific motor and non-motor symptoms contribute to these conditions and should be treated when appropriate. In addition to an active lifestyle, advanced exercise training is useful and effective, especially for less medically responsive symptoms such as freezing of gait and postural instability at advanced stages. As treadmill training in non-immersive virtual reality, including dual tasks, significantly reduced the number of falls in PD patients, the mechanism(s) explaining this effect should be further investigated. Such research could help to select the most suitable patients and develop the most effective training protocols based on this novel technology. Real-life digital surrogate markers of mobility, such as those describing aspects of endurance, performance, and the complexity of specific movements, can further improve the quality of mobility assessment using wearables.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper discusses the use of treadmill training in non-immersive virtual reality to reduce falls in patients with Parkinson's disease. While it does mention the use of a form of virtual reality, the focus is on Parkinson's disease rather than specifically on the elderly population. Additionally, the abstract does not indicate that the study includes a randomized controlled trial, and it seems to be more of a review or discussion of recent developments rather than an original research study with reported results.

[Author]   Nae, J. A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Video exposure through virtual reality can improve older people's ability to manage postural instability caused by distortive visual environments.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 19(8).
[Abstract] In older adults, age-related degenerative processes and disorders often degrade some sensory systems more than others, which can make postural control disproportionally dependent on one kind of sensory information. The study aims were to investigate 1) the postural stability when healthy older adults were repeatedly exposed to a video in an immersive virtual reality (VR) environment, and 2) the relationship between stability during VR video exposure and self-reported physical activity, balance confidence, and nausea during VR. Twenty-seven older adults (18 females, mean age 71.3 years (SD 4.4)) watched a 120-second VR video 5 times with 10 minutes between sessions, while standing on a force platform recording their stability. The first VR video session produced a marked stability challenge, reflected by significantly increased use of anteroposterior and lateral total (p<0.001) and high frequency (p<0.001) energy compared with the control test quiet stance eyes open. However, repeated VR video sessions produced a multidimensional decrease in used total (p<0.001), low (p = 0.002), and high frequency energy (p<0.001). Participants used more energy in anteroposterior compared with lateral direction across sessions within all spectral ranges (p<0.001). Participants with higher physical activity level used less low frequency energy in anteroposterior direction during VR video session 1 (p = 0.033). No association was seen between balance confidence or nausea during VR and energy used during VR video sessions 1 and 5. Healthy older adults adapt fast to distortive visual environments, and thus, CNS can utilize the information provided by a few repeated VR video sessions into suitable movement strategies that have a simultaneous multidimensionally positive effect. VR may introduce numerous opportunities to customize novel rehabilitation approaches to address when the visual system causes and/or suffers from issues. However, a common problem for the older adult was that about 33% of the participants became nauseated by the VR video stimuli.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older adults and a virtual reality (VR) environment, the primary aim is to investigate postural stability and adaptation to a distortive visual environment, rather than to prevent falls. Additionally, the study design involves repeated exposure to a VR video, which is more about sensory adaptation and balance control, rather than an exergame that typically includes physical exercise or cognitive training components. Therefore, the criteria for being an exergame intervention to prevent falls are not met.

[Author]   Nagata, J. M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Bedtime screen use behaviors and sleep outcomes: Findings from the Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development (ABCD) Study.
[Journal]  SLEEP HEALTH 9(4): 497-502.
[Abstract] Objectives: To determine associations between bedtime screen time behaviors and sleep outcomes in a national study of early adolescents.Methods: We analyzed cross-sectional data from 10,280 early adolescents aged 10-14 (48.8% female) in the Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development Study (Year 2, 2018-2020). Regression analyses examined the association between self-reported bedtime screen use and self-and caregiver-reported sleep measures, including sleep disturbance symptoms, controlling for sex, race/ethnicity, household income, parent edu-cation, depression, data collection period (pre-vs. during COVID-19 pandemic), and study site.Results: Overall, 16% of adolescents had at least some trouble falling or staying asleep in the past 2 weeks and 28% had overall sleep disturbance, based on caregiver reports. Adolescents who had a television or an Internet-connected electronic device in the bedroom had a greater risk of having trouble falling or staying asleep (adjusted risk ratio 1.27, 95% CI 1.12-1.4 4) and overall sleep disturbance (adjusted risk ratio 1.15, 95% CI 1.06-1.25). Adolescents who left their phone ringer activated overnight had more trouble falling/staying asleep and greater overall sleep disturbance compared to those who turned off their cell phones at bedtime. Streaming movies, playing video games, listening to music, talking/texting on the phone, and using social media or chat rooms were all associated with trouble falling/staying asleep and sleep disturbance.Conclusions: Several bedtime screen use behaviors are associated with sleep disturbances in early adoles-cents. The study's findings can inform guidance for specific bedtime screen behaviors among early ado-lescents.& COPY; 2023 Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of National Sleep Foundation.This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the association between bedtime screen use behaviors and sleep outcomes in early adolescents, not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are early adolescents, and the focus is on sleep disturbances rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the study does not involve an exergame intervention or a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Nagy, E., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    A pediatric wrist trauma X-ray dataset (GRAZPEDWRI-DX) for machine learning.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC DATA 9(1).
[Abstract] Digital radiography is widely available and the standard modality in trauma imaging, often enabling to diagnose pediatric wrist fractures. However, image interpretation requires time-consuming specialized training. Due to astonishing progress in computer vision algorithms, automated fracture detection has become a topic of research interest. This paper presents the GRAZPEDWRI-DX dataset containing annotated pediatric trauma wrist radiographs of 6,091 patients, treated at the Department for Pediatric Surgery of the University Hospital Graz between 2008 and 2018. A total number of 10,643 studies (20,327 images) are made available, typically covering posteroanterior and lateral projections. The dataset is annotated with 74,459 image tags and features 67,771 labeled objects. We de-identified all radiographs and converted the DICOM pixel data to 16-Bit grayscale PNG images. The filenames and the accompanying text files provide basic patient information (age, sex). Several pediatric radiologists annotated dataset images by placing lines, bounding boxes, or polygons to mark pathologies like fractures or periosteal reactions. They also tagged general image characteristics. This dataset is publicly available to encourage computer vision research.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a dataset for pediatric wrist trauma X-ray images and is not related to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Nam, H. M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Precipitation strengthening of Cu-Ni-Si-based alloys: Experimental and computational insights.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MATERIALS RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY-JMR&T 27: 5372-5379.
[Abstract] The effects of interfacial energy on precipitation behavior and physical properties of Cu-Ni-Si-(Co) alloys were investigated. The Cu-1.3Ni-0.3Si and Cu-1.3Ni-0.6Si-1.0Co alloys (in weight %) were prepared by combined cold-rolling and aging processes. The addition of Co promoted the formation of (Ni,Co)2Si by replacing Ni with Co in Ni2Si. Ab initio calculations demonstrated that the small addition of Co considerably reduced the interfacial energy between the Cu matrix and (Ni,Co)2Si, which effectively decreased the activation energy for precipitation. As a result, the precipitation of fine rod-shaped (Ni,Co)2Si was accelerated during the aging process and the number density of the precipitates increased up to 9.0 x 1010 cm-2. The nano-scale (Ni,Co)2Si precipitates with an average size of 13.5 nm strengthened the alloy properly through the Orowan mechanism without much loss of electrical conductivity. The maximum hardness and electrical conductivity were 220 Hv and 51 % International Annealed Copper Standard, respectively, for the Cu-1.3Ni-0.6Si-1.0Co alloy aged for 4 h at 420 degrees C.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the precipitation strengthening of Cu-Ni-Si-based alloys and does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Nam, J. G., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Three-Dimensional Printing of Congenital Heart Disease Models for Cardiac Surgery Simulation: Evaluation of Surgical Skill Improvement among Inexperienced Cardiothoracic Surgeons.
[Journal]  KOREAN JOURNAL OF RADIOLOGY 22(5): 706-713.
[Abstract] Objective: To evaluate the impact of surgical simulation training using a three-dimensional (3D)-printed model of tetralogy of Fallot (TOF) on surgical skill development. Materials and Methods: A life-size congenital heart disease model was printed using a Stratasys Object500 Connex2 printer from preoperative electrocardiography-gated CT scans of a 6-month-old patient with TOF with complex pulmonary stenosis. Eleven cardiothoracic surgeons independently evaluated the suitability of four 3D-printed models using composite Tango 27, 40, 50, and 60 in terms of palpation, resistance, extensibility, gap, cut-through ability, and reusability of. Among these, Tango 27 was selected as the final model. Six attendees (two junior cardiothoracic surgery residents, two senior residents, and two clinical fellows) independently performed simulation surgeries three times each. Surgical proficiency was evaluated by an experienced cardiothoracic surgeon on a 1-10 scale for each of the 10 surgical procedures. The times required for each surgical procedure were also measured. Results: In the simulation surgeries, six surgeons required a median of 34.4 (range 32.5-43.5) and 21.4 (17.9-192.7) minutes to apply the ventricular septal defect (VSD) and right ventricular outflow tract (RVOT) patches, respectively, on their first simulation surgery. These times had significantly reduced to 17.3 (16.2-29.5) and 13.6 (10.3-30.0) minutes, respectively, in the third simulation surgery (p = 0.03 and p = 0.01, respectively). The decreases in the median patch appliance time among the six surgeons were 16.2 (range 13.6-17.7) and 8.0 (1.8-170.3) minutes for the VSD and RVOT patches, respectively. Summing the scores for the 10 procedures showed that the attendees scored an average of 28.58 +/- 7.89 points on the first simulation surgery and improved their average score to 67.33 +/- 15.10 on the third simulation surgery (p = 0.008). Conclusion: Inexperienced cardiothoracic surgeons improved their performance in terms of surgical proficiency and operation time during the experience of three simulation surgeries using a 3D-printed TOF model using Tango 27 composite.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of 3D-printed models for surgical simulation training in cardiothoracic surgery, specifically for tetralogy of Fallot. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are inexperienced cardiothoracic surgeons, and the focus is on improving surgical skills, not on preventing falls in older people.

[Author]   Nam, Y., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Diagnosis of nasal bone fractures on plain radiographs via convolutional neural networks.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 12(1).
[Abstract] This study aimed to assess the performance of deep learning (DL) algorithms in the diagnosis of nasal bone fractures on radiographs and compare it with that of experienced radiologists. In this retrospective study, 6713 patients whose nasal radiographs were examined for suspected nasal bone fractures between January 2009 and October 2020 were assessed. Our dataset was randomly split into training (n=4325), validation (n=481), and internal test (n=1250) sets; a separate external dataset (n=102) was used. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC), sensitivity, and specificity of the DL algorithm and the two radiologists were compared. The AUCs of the DL algorithm for the internal and external test sets were 0.85 (95% CI, 0.83-0.86) and 0.86 (95% CI, 0.78-0.93), respectively, and those of the two radiologists for the external test set were 0.80 (95% CI, 0.73-0.87) and 0.75 (95% CI, 0.68-0.82). The DL algorithm therefore significantly exceeded radiologist 2 (P=0.021) but did not significantly differ from radiologist 1 (P=0.142). The sensitivity and specificity of the DL algorithm were 83.1% (95% CI, 71.2-93.2%) and 83.7% (95% CI, 69.8-93.0%), respectively. Our DL algorithm performs comparably to experienced radiologists in diagnosing nasal bone fractures on radiographs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of deep learning algorithms for diagnosing nasal bone fractures on radiographs. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Naqvi, W. M. and M. d. I. Qureshi (2022). 
[Title]    Gamification in Therapeutic Rehabilitation of Distal Radial and Ulnar Fracture: A Case Report.
[Journal]  CUREUS JOURNAL OF MEDICAL SCIENCE 14(8).
[Abstract] Gamification is a novel interventional approach to functional recovery and rehabilitation. We present a novel gamification rehabilitation case of a 38-year-old female referred to the physiotherapy department for post-distal radial fracture rehabilitation. She was managed with closed reduction and internal fixation (CRIF) using two Kirschner wires (K-wires) after falling on an outstretched hand in a road traffic accident with a two-wheeler. Gamification intervention was provided to the patient for four weeks. We used pre-and post-intervention outcome measures for pain, range of motion, grip strength, and hand function. There was a substantial improvement in all outcome measures after four weeks of gamification intervention.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of gamification in the rehabilitation of a distal radial and ulnar fracture in a 38-year-old female. The intervention targets a younger individual, not older people, and it focuses on post-fracture rehabilitation rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the study is a case report, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Naqvi, W. M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Gamification for Distal Radius Fracture Rehabilitation: A Randomized Controlled Pilot Study.
[Journal]  CUREUS JOURNAL OF MEDICAL SCIENCE 14(9).
[Abstract] Introduction Gamification is a novel interventional approach to functional recovery and rehabilitation. A significant impact has been observed with the application of gamification on non-traumatic conditions and chronic neurological and musculoskeletal illnesses; however, the implication of gamification on the functional recovery of patients with distal radius fractures (DRF) is yet to be explored. Methodology This pilot study included 20 post-DRF patients aged 18-65 years with unilateral DRF, managed with closed reduction and K-wire internal fixation. The patients were assigned to group A (gamification) and group B (conventional rehabilitation) in a 1:1 ratio. Group A patients played Racket: NX game, Until you fall game, and Holofit game on Oculus Quest head-mounted display (HMD) (Oculus, USA), while group B patients received a conventional rehabilitation program. Both groups underwent a rehabilitation program for 60 min/day, five days a week, for four weeks. The visual analogue scale (VAS), universal goniometer, Jamar dynamometer, and Disabilities of the Arm, Shoulder, and Hand (DASH) questionnaire were used as outcome measures at baseline, at the end of the second week, and at the end of treatment. Results There were significant improvements in pain, range of motion (ROM), grip strength, and functional independence in both groups. However, improvements in hand function and functional independence were significantly greater in the gamification group than in the conventional physiotherapy rehabilitation group. Conclusion The study concluded that gamification appears to have a significant impact on post-DRF rehabilitation in terms of pain, ROM, grip strength, and functional independence. Further research with larger sample sizes is required to confirm the preliminary findings.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of gamification for the rehabilitation of distal radius fractures (DRF) in patients aged 18-65 years. While it does involve exergames (Racket: NX, Until You Fall, and Holofit on Oculus Quest), the target population is not specifically older people (the age range is 18-65 years, which includes younger adults). Additionally, the focus is on rehabilitation for DRF, not on preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Nathan, E. P. and S. L. Winkler (2019). 
[Title]    Amputees' Attitudes Toward Participation in Amputee Support Groups and the Role of Virtual Technology in Supporting Amputees: Survey Study.
[Journal]  JMIR rehabilitation and assistive technologies 6(2): 14887-14887.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Acquiring information about and living with an amputation (or limb differential) is a lifelong endeavor. Although medical institutions address the immediate medical needs of amputees, information regarding how to live life as an amputee is provided from numerous sources, one of which is amputee support groups.OBJECTIVE: This study aimed at understanding why amputees join support groups, leave support groups, and possibly return to support groups as well as how technology, specifically virtual reality, might play a role in supporting patients' needs. The results are intended to provide data for support groups, to increase their impact on amputee participants.METHODS: A 38-item online survey was developed based on the findings of a previous randomized trial. The survey was administered between April and September 2018 and divided into four sections: Demographics, Limb Loss History, Amputee Support Group Participation, and Technology Usage. Items used multiple-choice, drop-down menu, check-box formats with explanation boxes for open-ended responses. Descriptive analyses were performed for both qualitative (open-ended questions) and quantitative data.RESULTS: Of the 59 amputees enrolled, 54 completed the survey. All the respondents were aged 20-39 years, and nearly half of the older respondents thought audio and video teleconferencing or avatar-based technology would increase participation in support groups. The results suggest that an early goal for amputees who join support groups is to focus on regaining mobility and functionality in order to return to their normal life. Once achieved, the goal transitions to one of social connection with other amputees, although there is a caveat: Simply being an amputee may not provide sufficient connections for developing long-term social relationships. The strongest reason for joining a support group was to learn about living with an amputation, followed by networking and learning new skills.CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest four key takeaways regarding amputee participation in support groups: (1) the needs of participants in amputee support groups change over time; (2) meeting content needs to be relevant to agendas primarily driven by participants; (3) support group participation is also driven by the desire to increase functionality by developing skills, become familiar with prosthetic technology, have more than amputation in common with other participants, and participate at the designated meeting time and location; and (4) the use of technology should support patients' needs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on amputees' attitudes toward participation in support groups and the potential role of virtual technology, such as virtual reality, in supporting amputees. The intervention targets are amputees, and the primary focus is on support group participation and the use of technology to enhance that participation, rather than on exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Nayiroglu, S., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Effects of small-sided games and running-based high-intensity interval training on body composition and physical fitness in under-19 female soccer players.
[Journal]  BMC SPORTS SCIENCE MEDICINE AND REHABILITATION 14(1).
[Abstract] Background The aim of this study was to compare the effects of small-sided games (SSGs) and running-based high-intensity interval training (HIIT) on the body composition and physical fitness of youth female soccer players. Methods This study followed a randomized parallel study design. Twenty-four female soccer players (age: 18.63 +/- 2.36 years) were randomly allocated to two training groups (SSG, n = 12; and HIIT, n = 12). The training intervention had a duration of eight weeks, consisting of three training sessions per week. Players were assessed twice (pre- and post-intervention) for anthropometrics, vertical (countermovement jumps, CMJ; and drop jumps, DJ) and horizontal jumping (single, triple and crossover hop), sprinting (10- and 30-m), change-of-direction (COD), COD deficit and final velocity at 30-15 Intermittent Fitness Test (V-IFT). A covariance analysis (ANCOVA) was used to determine differences between the groups in the effect on post-intervention by controlling for covariates (pre-intervention). The within-group analysis (time) was performed using a paired t-test, while the between-group analysis per assessment moment was performed using an independent t-test. Results The between-group analysis with ANCOVA revealed that there are no significant differences between the SSG and HIIT groups in the post-intervention for any outcome (p > 0.05). The within-group analysis revealed significant improvements in both the SSG and HIIT groups in CMJ (p < 0.05), single, triple and crossover hops (p < 0.05), RSI DJ 30-cm and RSI DJ 40-cm (p < 0.05), VIFT (p < 0.05) and COD (p < 0.05). Conclusions SSG and HIIT are both effective for improving vertical and horizontal jumping ability, change-of-direction, and aerobic capacity status measured at a progressive and intermittent multistage test in youth soccer players.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of small-sided games and running-based high-intensity interval training on body composition and physical fitness in under-19 female soccer players. It does not meet the criteria for the intervention targets (older people) or the type of intervention (exergames).

[Author]   Negrini, S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Nintendo Wii Fit for balance rehabilitation in patients with Parkinson's disease: A comparative study.
[Journal]  Journal of bodywork and movement therapies 21(1): 117-123.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Impaired postural stability places individuals with Parkinson's disease (PD) at an increased risk for falls.OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the effectiveness of 10 vs. 15 sessions of Nintendo Wii Fit for balance recovery for outpatients PD.METHODS: Twenty-seven patients, 48.1% female (66±8 years), with PD. Patients with PD were consecutively assigned to one of two groups receiving either 10 or 15 sessions (low dose or high dose group, respectively) with Nintendo Wii Fit in recovering balancing ability. All outcome measures were collected at baseline, immediately following the intervention period, and 1-month following the end of the intervention.MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Falls risk test (FRT), Stability index (PST), Berg balance scale (BBS) and Tinetti scale.RESULTS: The patients undergoing the 10 sessions demonstrated significantly improvement on the balance performances (Tinetti balance and gait scales, BBS and BSF) (all, P<0.05) as those undergoing 15 treatment with Nintendo Wii Fit, but no significant group effect or group-by-time interaction was detected for any of them, which suggests that both groups improved in the same way.CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that functional improvement can be made in fewer visits during outpatient rehabilitation sessions with Nintendo Wii Fit improving the efficiency of intervention.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on using the Nintendo Wii Fit for balance rehabilitation in patients with Parkinson's disease. Although it involves an exergame (Nintendo Wii Fit) and reports on a comparative study, the primary target group is not explicitly defined as elderly but rather as individuals with Parkinson's disease, which can include a wide age range. Additionally, the study design is a comparative study, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper does not meet all the requirements to be considered about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Neidhardt, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    VR-based body tracking to stimulate musculoskeletal training.
[Journal]  Current Directions in Biomedical Engineering 10(2): 111-114.
[Abstract] Training helps to maintain and improve sufficient muscle function, body control, and body coordination. These are important to reduce the risk of fracture incidents caused by falls, especially for the elderly or people recovering from injury. Virtual reality training can offer a cost-effective and individualized training experience. We present an application for the HoloLens 2 to enable musculoskeletal training for elderly and impaired persons to allow for autonomous training and automatic progress evaluation. We designed a virtual downhill skiing scenario that is controlled by body movement to stimulate balance and body control. By adapting the parameters of the ski slope, we can tailor the intensity of the training to individual users. In this work, we evaluate whether the movement data of the HoloLens 2 alone is sufficient to control and predict body movement and joint angles during musculoskeletal training.We record the movements of 10 healthy volunteers with external tracking cameras and track a set of body and joint angles of the participant during training. We estimate correlation coefficients and systematically analyze whether whole body movement can be derived from the movement data of the HoloLens 2. No participant reports movement sickness effects and all were able to quickly interact and control their movement during skiing. Our results show a high correlation between HoloLens 2 movement data and the external tracking of the upper body movement and joint angles of the lower limbs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the use of a virtual reality (VR) application for musculoskeletal training, which includes a downhill skiing scenario to stimulate balance and body control. While the intervention does target older people and uses a form of exergame, the study primarily focuses on evaluating whether the movement data from the HoloLens 2 is sufficient to control and predict body movement and joint angles. The abstract does not mention a randomized controlled trial or report results related to fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Nelson, S. D., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Cost-effectiveness of training rural providers to identify and treat patients at risk for fragility fractures.
[Journal]  OSTEOPOROSIS INTERNATIONAL 25(12): 2701-2707.
[Abstract] This is a cost-effectiveness analysis of training rural providers to identify and treat osteoporosis. Results showed a slight cost savings, increase in life years, increase in treatment rates, and decrease in fracture incidence. However, the results were sensitive to small differences in effectiveness, being cost-effective in 70 % of simulations during probabilistic sensitivity analysis.We evaluated the cost-effectiveness of training rural providers to identify and treat veterans at risk for fragility fractures relative to referring these patients to an urban medical center for specialist care. The model evaluated the impact of training on patient life years, quality-adjusted life years (QALYs), treatment rates, fracture incidence, and costs from the perspective of the Department of Veterans Affairs.We constructed a Markov microsimulation model to compare costs and outcomes of a hypothetical cohort of veterans seen by rural providers. Parameter estimates were derived from previously published studies, and we conducted one-way and probabilistic sensitivity analyses on the parameter inputs.Base-case analysis showed that training resulted in no additional costs and an extra 0.083 life years (0.054 QALYs). Our model projected that as a result of training, more patients with osteoporosis would receive treatment (81.3 vs. 12.2 %), and all patients would have a lower incidence of fractures per 1,000 patient years (hip, 1.628 vs. 1.913; clinical vertebral, 0.566 vs. 1.037) when seen by a trained provider compared to an untrained provider. Results remained consistent in one-way sensitivity analysis and in probabilistic sensitivity analyses, training rural providers was cost-effective (less than $50,000/QALY) in 70 % of the simulations.Training rural providers to identify and treat veterans at risk for fragility fractures has a potential to be cost-effective, but the results are sensitive to small differences in effectiveness. It appears that provider education alone is not enough to make a significant difference in fragility fracture rates among veterans.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the cost-effectiveness of training rural providers to identify and treat patients at risk for fragility fractures. It does not involve exergames or any form of exercise intervention, and it is not focused on preventing falls in the elderly through exergames. The study is a cost-effectiveness analysis, which also does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report results from randomized controlled trials with original data.

[Author]   Nerdal, P. T., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Vestibulo-Ocular Reflex Suppression: Clinical Relevance and Assessment in the Digital Age.
[Journal]  Digital biomarkers 8(1): 52-58.
[Abstract] Background: Visual acuity and image stability are crucial for daily activities, particularly during head motion. The vestibulo-ocular reflex (VOR) and its suppression (VORS) support stable fixation of objects of interest. The VOR drives a reflexive eye movement to counter retinal slip of a stable target during head motion. In contrast, VORS inhibits this countermovement when the target stimulus is in motion. The VORS allows for object fixation when it aligns with the direction of the head's movement, or when an object within or outside the peripheral vision needs to be focused upon.Summary: Deficits of the VORS have been linked to age-related diseases such as balance deficits associated with an increased fall risk. Therefore, the accurate assessment of the VORS is of particular clinical relevance. However, current clinical assessment methods for VORS are mainly qualitative and not sufficiently standardised. Recent advances in digital health technology, such as smartphone-based videooculography, offer a promising alternative for assessing VORS in a more accessible, efficient, and quantitative manner. Moreover, integrating mobile eye-tracking technology with virtual reality environments allows for the implementation of controlled VORS assessments with different visual inputs. These assessment approaches allow the extraction of novel parameters with potential pathomechanistic and clinical relevance.Key Messages: We argue that researchers and clinicians can obtain a more nuanced understanding of this ocular stabilisation reflex and its associated pathologies by harnessing digital health technology for VORS assessment. Further research is warranted to explore the technologies' full potential and utility in clinical practice.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper discusses the assessment of the vestibulo-ocular reflex (VOR) and its suppression (VORS) using digital health technology, such as smartphone-based videooculography and virtual reality. While it mentions that deficits in VORS are linked to balance deficits and increased fall risk in older people, the focus is on the assessment of VORS rather than on an exergame intervention to prevent falls. The paper does not describe a randomized controlled trial or report results related to an exergame intervention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Neri, S. G. R., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Do virtual reality games improve mobility skills and balance measurements in community-dwelling older adults? Systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  CLINICAL REHABILITATION 31(10): 1292-1304.
[Abstract] Objective: To summarize evidence on the effectiveness of virtual reality games and conventional therapy or no-intervention for fall prevention in the elderly.Data sources: An electronic data search (last searched December 2016) was performed on 10 databases (Web of Science, EMBASE, PUBMED, CINAHL, LILACS, SPORTDiscus, Cochrane Library, Scopus, SciELO, PEDro) and retained only randomized controlled trials.Review method: Sample characteristics and intervention parameters were compared, focusing on clinical homogeneity of demographic characteristics, type/duration of interventions, outcomes (balance, reaction time, mobility, lower limb strength and fear of falling) and low risk of bias. Based on homogeneity, a meta-analysis was considered. Two independent reviewers assessed the risk of bias.Results: A total of 28 studies met the inclusion criteria and were appraised (n: 1121 elderly participants). We found that virtual reality games presented positive effects on balance and fear of falling compared with no-intervention. Virtual reality games were also superior to conventional interventions for balance improvements and fear of falling. The six studies included in the meta-analysis demonstrated that virtual reality games significantly improved mobility and balance after 3-6 and 8-12 weeks of intervention when compared with no-intervention. The risk of bias revealed that less than one-third of the studies correctly described the random sequence generation and allocation concealment procedures.Conclusion: Our review suggests positive clinical effects of virtual reality games for balance and mobility improvements compared with no-treatment and conventional interventions. However, owing to the high risk of bias and large variability of intervention protocols, the evidence remains inconclusive and further research is warranted.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it summarizes and analyzes the results of multiple studies.

[Author]   Neuman, R. M. and N. P. Fey (2023). 
[Title]    There are unique kinematics during locomotor transitions between level ground and stair ambulation that persist with increasing stair grade.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 13(1).
[Abstract] Human ambulation is typically characterized during steady-state isolated tasks (e.g., walking, running, stair ambulation). However, general human locomotion comprises continuous adaptation to the varied terrains encountered during activities of daily life. To fill an important gap in knowledge that may lead to improved therapeutic and device interventions for mobility-impaired individuals, it is vital to identify how the mechanics of individuals change as they transition between different ambulatory tasks, and as they encounter terrains of differing severity. In this work, we study lower-limb joint kinematics during the transitions between level walking and stair ascent and descent over a range of stair inclination angles. Using statistical parametric mapping, we identify where and when the kinematics of transitions are unique from the adjacent steady-state tasks. Results show unique transition kinematics primarily in the swing phase, which are sensitive to stair inclination. We also train Gaussian process regression models for each joint to predict joint angles given the gait phase, stair inclination, and ambulation context (transition type, ascent/descent), demonstrating a mathematical modeling approach that successfully incorporates terrain transitions and severity. The results of this work further our understanding of transitory human biomechanics and motivate the incorporation of transition-specific control models into mobility-assistive technology.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the kinematics of transitions between level walking and stair ambulation, and it aims to improve the understanding of human biomechanics and mobility-assistive technology. There is no mention of exergames or a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Neumann, S., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Effects of an Exergame Software for Older Adults on Fitness, Activities of Daily Living Performance, and Quality of Life.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 7(5): 341-346.
[Abstract] Background: As people become older, the biological process of aging leads to a decline in functional capabilities, which entails difficulties in the performance of daily tasks. Within the "Active and Assisted Living Joint Programme" a consortium from Spain, Germany, and Switzerland developed an interactive Exergame software for older adults to maintain their physical abilities and independence within the daily tasks.Subjects and Methods: An interventional study was conducted to validate the software. For 3 months, Swiss and Spanish seniors used the system at least three times a week for minimum half an hour in their homes. The physical condition in terms of maintaining or increasing strength, balance, safety, and mobility of the seniors was assessed by using the Berg Balance Scale and the Senior Fitness Test. In addition, the effect on independence within the activities of daily living was assessed by using the Canadian Occupational Performance Measure, the Performance Quality Rating Scale, and the Iconographical Falls Efficacy Scale. We used the EQ 5D to evaluate the "quality of life."Results: Twenty-nine participants (male; n= 14; female; n= 15) completed the study. Scores of endurance (2 minutes step test; P=0.01, eta(2) = 0.3) increased significantly. Moderate effect sizes in quality of life (r= 0.3), lower body strength (eta(2)= 0.08), and large effect sizes in endurance (eta(2) = 0.3) were detected. A small effect was evaluated within the gait speed (r= 0.2), mobility in the lower body (r= 0.2), and the balance capabilities (r= 0.2).Conclusion: The results of this study lead us to the conclusion that physical training with activity-focused exergames that are related to the everyday tasks of older adults could help to maintain and improve the individual fitness status.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. While the paper does involve an exergame intervention for older adults and reports on a study with results, it is not specifically focused on preventing falls. The primary outcomes measured are related to fitness, activities of daily living performance, and quality of life, rather than fall prevention. Therefore, based on the criteria provided, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Neven, A., et al. (2018).
[Title]    SOULMATE - Secure Old people's Ultimate Lifestyle Mobility by offering Augmented reality Training Experiences
[Journal]  9TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON EMERGING UBIQUITOUS SYSTEMS AND PERVASIVE NETWORKS (EUSPN-2018) / 8TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON CURRENT AND FUTURE TRENDS OF INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGIES IN HEALTHCARE (ICTH-2018). 141: 335-342.
[Abstract] With ageing, travel becomes more and more complex. Physical and cognitive abilities may decline, and thus, elderly people may experience several problems that hinder them from travelling independently. One of the most difficult issues when addressing the problem of age-related travel restrictions is the heterogeneity of the ageing population. SOULMATE offers a non-intrusive and personalized mobility package that evolves with the end-user across his/her different life stages to ensure him/her to make secure trips. SOULMATE aggregates three types of mobility support: Indoor virtual training of a route, active routing during trips and monitoring by a coach at a distance during trips. For each individual, the desired or necessary functionalities can be chosen, based on his/her specific abilities and travel needs. The SOULMATE solution will be developed iteratively, in co-creation with end-users and stakeholders, and the package will be tested intensively, and evaluated in three countries (Belgium, The Netherlands and Austria) based on usability, technical and business aspects. (C) 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract describes a system called SOULMATE, which aims to support elderly people's mobility by offering a personalized and evolving package that includes indoor virtual training, active routing, and remote monitoring. However, the focus is on travel and mobility, not specifically on preventing falls. Additionally, the abstract does not mention any randomized controlled trials or report results related to an exergame intervention. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Nguyen, T. P., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    A novel approach for evaluating bone mineral density of hips based on Sobel gradient-based map of radiographs utilizing convolutional neural network.
[Journal]  COMPUTERS IN BIOLOGY AND MEDICINE 132.
[Abstract] Osteoporosis, which is a common disorder associated with low bone mineral density (BMD), is one of the primary reasons for hip fracture. It not only limits mobility, but also makes the patient suffer from pain. Unlike traditional methods, which require both expensive equipment and long scanning times, this study aims to develop a novel technique employing a convolutional neural network (CNN) directly on radiographs of the hips to evaluate BMD. To construct the dataset, X-ray photographs of lower limbs and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) results of the hips of patients were collected. The core of this research is a deep learning-based model that was trained using the pre-processed X-rays images of 510 hips as the input data and the BMD values obtained from DXA as the standard reference. To improve performance quality, the radiographs of the hips were processed with a Sobel algorithm to extract the gradient magnitude maps, and an ensemble artificial neural network which analyses the outputs of CNN models corresponding to three Singh sites and biological parameters was utilized. The superior performance of the proposed method was confirmed by the high correlation coefficient of 0.8075 (p < 0.0001) of the BMD measured by DXA in a total of 150 testing cases, with only 0.12 s required for applying the computing configuration to a single X-ray image.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on developing a method to evaluate bone mineral density (BMD) using a convolutional neural network (CNN) and does not discuss the use of exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The study is centered around a technical approach for BMD evaluation, which is different from the criteria specified for the use of exergames in fall prevention.

[Author]   Nicholls, V. I., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    The impact of perceptual complexity on road crossing decisions in younger and older adults.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 14(1).
[Abstract] Cognitive abilities decline with healthy ageing which can have a critical impact on day-to-day activities. One example is road crossing where older adults (OAs) disproportionally fall victim to pedestrian accidents. The current research examined two virtual reality experiments that investigated how the complexity of the road crossing situation impacts OAs (N = 19, ages 65-85) and younger adults (YAs, N = 34, ages 18-24) with a range of executive functioning abilities (EFs). Overall, we found that OAs were able to make safe crossing decisions, and were more cautious than YAs. This continued to be the case in high cognitive load situations. In these situations, safe decisions were associated with an increase in head movements for participants with poorer attention switching than participants with better attention switching suggesting these groups developed compensation strategies to continue to make safe decisions. In situations where participants had less time to make a crossing decision all participants had difficulties making safe crossing decisions which was amplified for OAs and participants with poorer EFs. Our findings suggest more effort should be taken to ensure that road crossing points are clear of visual obstructions and more speed limits should be placed around retirement or care homes, neither of which are legislated for in the UK and Australia.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older adults and a virtual reality setup, the focus is on road crossing decisions and cognitive abilities, rather than on preventing falls through exergames. Additionally, the study does not appear to be a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Nicholson, V., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Motor imagery training improves balance and mobility outcomes in older adults: a systematic review.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF PHYSIOTHERAPY 65(4): 200-207.
[Abstract] Question: Does motor imagery training improve measures of balance, mobility and falls in older adults without a neurological condition? Design: Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. Participants: Adults aged at least 60 years and without a neurological condition. Intervention: Three or more sessions of motor imagery training. Outcome measures: The primary outcomes were balance measures (such as single leg stance and Berg Balance scale) and mobility measures (such as gait speed and the Timed Up and Go test). Falls were a secondary outcome measure. Risk of bias was evaluated using the PEDro Scale, and overall quality of evidence was assessed using the Grades of Research, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. Results: Twelve trials including 356 participants were included in the systematic review and 10 trials (316 participants) were included in the meta-analyses. All trials included either apparently healthy participants or older adults after orthopaedic surgery. There was evidence that motor imagery training can significantly improve balance (SMD 1.03, 95% CI 0.25 to 1.82), gait speed (MD 0.13 m/s, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.22) and Timed Up and Go (MD 1.64 seconds, 95% CI 0.79 to 2.49) in older adults; however, the quality of evidence was very low to low. No data regarding falls were identified. Conclusion: Motor imagery training improves balance and mobility in older adults who do not have a neurological condition. These results suggest that motor imagery training could be an adjunct to standard physiotherapy care in older adults, although it is unclear whether or not the effects are clinically worthwhile. (C) 2019 Australian Physiotherapy Association. Published by Elsevier B.V.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, the intervention described (motor imagery training) is not an exergame.

[Author]   Nie, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Prediction of new vertebral compression fracture within 3 years after percutaneous vertebroplasty for osteoporotic vertebral compression fracture: Establishment and validation of a nomogram prediction model.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 19(5).
[Abstract] New vertebral compression fractures (NVCF) are common in patients with osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures (OVCF) who have undergone percutaneous vertebroplasty (PVP). We sought to develop a nomogram prediction model for better identification and prevention of NVCF within 3 years after PVP in patients with OVCF. The demographic, clinical, and imaging data of patients who underwent PVP for OVCF between January 2010 and December 2019 were reviewed. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to screen for risk factors for NVCF within 3 years after PVP. A nomogram prediction model was then developed and validated to visually predict NVCF. The samples in the model were randomly divided into training and validation sets at a ratio of 7:3. Twenty-seven percent of patients experienced NVCF in other segments within 3 years after PVP. Older age, lower bone mineral density (BMD), smoking, lack of anti-osteoporosis therapy, and postoperative trauma were risk factors for NVCF. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve suggested good discrimination of this model: training set (0.781, 95% confidence interval: 0.731-0.831) and validation set (0.786, 95% confidence interval: 0.708-0.863). The calibration curve suggested good prediction accuracy between the actual and predicted probabilities in the training and validation sets. The DCA results suggested that, when the probability thresholds were 0.0452-08394 and 0.0336-0.7262 in the training and validation set, respectively, patients can benefit from using this model to predict NVCF within 3 years after PVP. In conclusion, this nomogram prediction model that included five risk factors (older age, lower BMD, smoking, postoperative minor trauma, and lack of anti-osteoporosis treatment can effectively predict NVCF within 3 years after PVP. Postoperative smoking cessation, standard anti-osteoporosis treatment, and reduction in incidental minor trauma are necessary and effective means of reducing the incidence of NVCF.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and validation of a nomogram prediction model to predict new vertebral compression fractures (NVCF) within 3 years after percutaneous vertebroplasty (PVP) for osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures (OVCF). The study does not involve an exergame intervention, nor does it focus on preventing falls in the elderly. Instead, it uses demographic, clinical, and imaging data to identify risk factors and predict NVCF. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Nieborowska, V., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Effects of Age on Dual-Task Walking While Listening.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MOTOR BEHAVIOR 51(4): 416-427.
[Abstract] This study examined the effects of age on single- and dual-task listening and walking during virtual street crossing. Seventeen younger and 12 older adults participated. In each listening trial, three sentences were presented simultaneously from separate locations. Participants were instructed to report the target sentence. Predictability of the target sentence location was varied. Treadmill walking was measured using motion analysis. Measures included word recognition accuracy, head and trunk angles, and spatiotemporal gait parameters. Older adults exhibited a more upright head alignment and less variability in stride time during dual-tasking, particularly under less certain target sentence location conditions. Younger adults' walking was unaffected by dual-task demands. Together, the results indicate greater postural prioritization in older adults than young.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it involves older adults and a virtual environment, the study focuses on the effects of age on dual-task walking and listening, rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial, and it does not report results related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Nielsen, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Deep Learning-Based Automated Thrombolysis in Cerebral Infarction Scoring A Timely Proof-of-Principle Study.
[Journal]  STROKE 52(11): 3497-3504.
[Abstract] Background and Purpose: Mechanical thrombectomy is an established procedure for treatment of acute ischemic stroke. Mechanical thrombectomy success is commonly assessed by the Thrombolysis in Cerebral Infarction (TICI) score, assigned by visual inspection of X-ray digital subtraction angiography data. However, expert-based TICI scoring is highly observer-dependent. This represents a major obstacle for mechanical thrombectomy outcome comparison in, for instance, multicentric clinical studies. Focusing on occlusions of the M1 segment of the middle cerebral artery, the present study aimed to develop a deep learning (DL) solution to automated and, therefore, objective TICI scoring, to evaluate the agreement of DL- and expert-based scoring, and to compare corresponding numbers to published scoring variability of clinical experts. Methods: The study comprises 2 independent datasets. For DL system training and initial evaluation, an in-house dataset of 491 digital subtraction angiography series and modified TICI scores of 236 patients with M1 occlusions was collected. To test the model generalization capability, an independent external dataset with 95 digital subtraction angiography series was analyzed. Characteristics of the DL system were modeling TICI scoring as ordinal regression, explicit consideration of the temporal image information, integration of physiological knowledge, and modeling of inherent TICI scoring uncertainties. Results: For the in-house dataset, the DL system yields Cohen's kappa, overall accuracy, and specific agreement values of 0.61, 71%, and 63% to 84%, respectively, compared with the gold standard: the expert rating. Values slightly drop to 0.52/64%/43% to 87% when the model is, without changes, applied to the external dataset. After model updating, they increase to 0.65/74%/60% to 90%. Literature Cohen's kappa values for expert-based TICI scoring agreement are in the order of 0.6. Conclusions: The agreement of DL- and expert-based modified TICI scores in the range of published interobserver variability of clinical experts highlights the potential of the proposed DL solution to automated TICI scoring.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a deep learning-based automated system for Thrombolysis in Cerebral Infarction (TICI) scoring, which is used to assess the success of mechanical thrombectomy in acute ischemic stroke. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not focused on preventing falls. The study involves a randomized controlled trial, but it does not meet the other criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Nishchyk, A., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    The Effect of Mixed Reality Technologies for Falls Prevention Among Older Adults: Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
[Journal]  JMIR AGING 4(2).
[Abstract] Background: Falling is one of the most common and serious age-related issues, and falls can significantly impair the quality of life of older adults. Approximately one-third of people over 65 experience a fall annually. Previous research has shown that physical exercise could help reduce falls among older adults and improve their health. However, older adults often find it challenging to follow and adhere to physical exercise programs. Interventions using mixed reality (MR) technology could help address these issues. MR combines artificial augmented computer-generated elements with the real world. It has frequently been used for training and rehabilitation purposes.Objective: The aim of this systematic literature review and meta-analysis was to investigate the use of the full spectrum of MR technologies for fall prevention intervention and summarize evidence of the effectiveness of this approach.Methods: In our qualitative synthesis, we analyzed a number of features of the selected studies, including aim, type of exercise, technology used for intervention, study sample size, participant demographics and history of falls, study design, involvement of health professionals or caregivers, duration and frequency of the intervention, study outcome measures, and results of the study. To systematically assess the results of the selected studies and identify the common effect of MR interventions, a meta-analysis was performed.Results: Seven databases were searched, and the initial search yielded 5838 results. With the considered inclusion and exclusion criteria, 21 studies were included in the qualitative synthesis and 12 were included in meta-analysis. The majority of studies demonstrated a positive effect of an MR intervention on fall risk factors among older participants. The meta-analysis demonstrated a statistically significant difference in Berg Balance Scale score between the intervention and control groups (ES: 0.564; 95% CI 0.246-0.882; P<.001) with heterogeneity statistics of I-2=54.9% and Q=17.74 (P=.02), and a statistical difference in Timed Up and Go test scores between the intervention and control groups (ES: 0.318; 95% CI 0.025-0.662; P<.001) with heterogeneity statistics of I-2=77.6% and Q=44.63 (P<.001). The corresponding funnel plot and the Egger test for small-study effects (P=.76 and P=.11 for Berg Balance Scale and Timed Up and Go, respectively) indicate that a minor publication bias in the studies might be present in the Berg Balance Scale results.Conclusions: The literature review and meta-analysis demonstrate that the use of MR interventions can have a positive effect on physical functions in the elderly. MR has the potential to help older users perform physical exercises that could improve their health conditions. However, more research on the effect of MR fall prevention interventions should be conducted with special focus given to MR usability issues.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which means it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it synthesizes the results of multiple studies to draw broader conclusions. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for inclusion based on the given guidelines.

[Author]   Nishikawa, M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Japanese health and safety information for overseas visitors: a randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  BMC PUBLIC HEALTH 23(1).
[Abstract] IntroductionInternational travel to Japan increased steadily until the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) outbreak. Although international travel was curtailed worldwide due to the pandemic, the number of overseas visitors to Japan should increase again after the restrictions are lifted. We assessed the effect of a five-minute digital game on the knowledge of health information and the level of satisfaction with educational health resources of overseas visitors to Japan.MethodsWe conducted a randomized controlled trial among 1062 previous and potential visitors to Japan utilizing an internet portal. We recruited previous and potential visitors to Japan from the internet portal sites of the UK, the US and Australia. We randomly allocated participants to two groups: an intervention group that played an animated game and a control group that viewed an online animation. All participants answered a self-administered questionnaire online from March 16 to 19, 2021. We assessed visitors' levels of health knowledge and satisfaction using the CSQ-8. We analyzed the data with a t test and the difference in differences test. Our RCT followed the SPIRIT guidelines.ResultsOf the 1062 previous and potential visitors recruited via the three countries' internet portals (354 from each country), some had visited Japan previously (174 in the intervention group, 220 in the control group), while some were potential visitors to Japan (357 in the intervention group, 311 in the control group). Some had gathered health and safety information about Japan prior to this study (180 in the intervention group, 211 in the control group). Both groups improved their health information levels after the intervention. The level of satisfaction with health information in Japan was significantly increased in the intervention group (average difference of 4.5 points) compared to that in the control group (average difference of 3.9 points) (p < 0.05). Both groups' mean CSQ-8 scores increased significantly after the intervention (p < 0.001): from 23 to 28 in the intervention group and from 23 to 24 in the control group.ConclusionsOur study introduced unique educational strategies using an online game to provide health and safety information to previous and potential visitors to Japan. The online game was a more effective way to increase satisfaction than the online animation about health information.This study was registered in the UMIN-CTR (University Hospital Medical Information Network Center Clinical Trials Registry) as Version 1, and the trial registration data are available as UMIN000042483, 17/11/2020.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effect of a digital game on the knowledge of health information and the level of satisfaction with educational health resources for overseas visitors to Japan. The intervention targets are previous and potential visitors to Japan, and the primary outcome measures are related to health knowledge and satisfaction, not fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Niu, Y., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    New technology for pipeline defect detection.
[Journal]  SCIENCE CHINA-TECHNOLOGICAL SCIENCES 67(4): 1294-1296.
[Abstract] 
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The title and journal information provided indicate that the paper is about "New technology for pipeline defect detection," which does not align with the criteria for a study on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The abstract, although not provided, is unlikely to change this conclusion given the context.

[Author]   Noaparast, M., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Minimum Number of Required Sessions for Attaining Basic Skills in Laparoscopic Surgery by General Surgery Residents; an Experimental Report.
[Journal]  ADVANCED JOURNAL OF EMERGENCY MEDICINE 3(2).
[Abstract] Introduction: Training is the primary route of attaining required skills among residents in general surgery.Objective: This study was conducted to evaluate the minimum number of required sessions for attaining basic skills in laparoscopic surgery in a skill-lab among surgical residents.Method: This cross-sectional study was conducted in Imam-Khomeini Hospital during 2012. A total of 20 surgical residents were enrolled. There were 45-60 mins sessions weekly, which included the following seven elementary skills: first knot tie, second knot tie, peg exchange, peg drop, rope pass, needle pass, and paper cut. These skills were evaluated weekly, and qualitative evaluations were done every 2 weeks.Results: Mean age of the 20 surgical residents was 32.2 +/- 4.7 years, and 55.6% of them were males. The median session counts were as follows: six sessions for first knot tie, six sessions for second knot tie, three sessions for peg exchange, eight sessions for needle pass, and five sessions for paper cut.Conclusion: Based on the obtained results, it may be concluded that relatively five sessions are required for acquiring basic skills in laparoscopic surgery by surgical residents.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the training of general surgery residents in laparoscopic surgery, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The target group (surgical residents) and the intervention (laparoscopic surgery skill training) do not align with the specified criteria.

[Author]   Norouzi-Gheidari, N., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Feasibility, Safety and Efficacy of a Virtual Reality Exergame System to Supplement Upper Extremity Rehabilitation Post-Stroke: A Pilot Randomized Clinical Trial and Proof of Principle.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 17(1).
[Abstract] (1) Background: Increasing the amount of therapy time has been shown to improve motor function in stroke survivors. However, it is often not possible to increase the amount of therapy time provided in the current one-on-one therapy models. Rehabilitation-based virtual reality exergame systems, such as Jintronix, can be offered to stroke survivors as an adjunct to traditional therapy. The goal of this study was to examine the safety and feasibility of providing additional therapy using an exergame system and assess its preliminary clinical efficacy. (2) Methods: Stroke survivors receiving outpatient rehabilitation services participated in this pilot randomized control trial in which the intervention group received 4 weeks of exergaming sessions in addition to traditional therapy sessions. (3) Results: Nine subjects in the intervention and nine subjects in the control group completed the study. The intervention group had at least two extra sessions per week, with an average duration of 44 min per session and no serious adverse events (falls, dizziness, or pain). The efficacy measures showed statistically meaningful improvements in the activities of daily living measures (i.e., MAL-QOM (motor activity log-quality of movement) and both mobility and physical domains of the SIS (stroke impact scale) with mean difference of 1.0%, 5.5%, and 6.7% between the intervention and control group, respectively) at post-intervention. (4) Conclusion: Using virtual reality exergaming technology as an adjunct to traditional therapy is feasible and safe in post-stroke rehabilitation and may be beneficial to upper extremity functional recovery.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of a virtual reality exergame system to supplement upper extremity rehabilitation in stroke survivors, rather than specifically targeting the prevention of falls in the elderly. While the intervention involves an exergame, the primary goal is to improve motor function and activities of daily living, not to prevent falls. Additionally, the study population is stroke survivors, which may include older people but is not exclusively focused on the elderly. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Norris, E., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Physically Active Lessons Improve Lesson Activity and On-Task Behavior: A Cluster-Randomized Controlled Trial of the 
[Journal]  irtual Traveller" Intervention." HEALTH EDUCATION & BEHAVIOR 45(6): 945-956.
[Abstract] Background. Physically active lessons have not often been assessed with randomized controlled trials. Aims. Evaluate the effects of the "Virtual Traveller" (VT) intervention delivered using classroom interactive whiteboards on physical activity, on-task behavior, and student engagement. Methods. Participants were 219 children aged 8 to 9 years from 10 schools in Greater London, assessed in a cluster-randomized controlled trial between March 2015 and May 2016. For 6 weeks, intervention children received 10-minute VT sessions three times a week during math and English lessons (VT group: n = 113). Children in control schools received regular teaching (COM group: n = 106). Outcomes were school-day, weekend-day, and lesson-time sedentary behavior (SB), light physical activity (LPA) and moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA), and on-task behavior and student engagement, assessed at baseline (T0), 2 weeks (T1), and 4 weeks (T2) during the VT intervention and 1 week (T3) and 3 months (T4) postintervention using multilevel modeling. Results. VT pupils engaged in significantly more school-day MVPA at T1 only, with no other significant differences between groups in overall school-day or weekend-day activity. VT pupils engaged in significantly less SB and more MVPA during lesson time than COM pupils. More on-task behavior was shown in VT pupils than COM pupils but there was no difference in student engagement. Discussion. VT reduced sedentary behavior and increased physical activity during lesson time but not across overall school or weekend days. VT improved on-task behavior but had no effect on student engagement. Conclusion. Physical activity can be integrated into teaching using interactive whiteboards with no detriment to educational outcomes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets children aged 8 to 9 years, and the focus is on integrating physical activity into classroom lessons using interactive whiteboards, with the aim of improving physical activity, on-task behavior, and student engagement. The study does not target older people or address fall prevention.

[Author]   Nosetti, L., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Impact of pre-sleep habits on adolescent sleep: an Italian population-based study.
[Journal]  SLEEP MEDICINE 81: 300-306.
[Abstract] Objective: Several evidences demonstrate that pre-sleep habits may negatively impact adolescent sleep, yet few data exist on Italian population. This study aimed to investigate the relationship between pre-sleep habits, use of technology/activity and sleep in Italian adolescents.Methods: Self-report questionnaires including Italian version of School Sleep Habits Survey and use of technology/activity (eg smartphone, PC) at bedtime were administered to 972 adolescents (13-19 years) from Lombardia. We stratified the sample in five groups according to the age: Group I (13-14 years), Group II (15 years), Group III (16 years), Group IV (17 years), Group V (18-19 years).Results: Our descriptive analysis reveals a different sleep profile across age-groups: Group III showed highest percentage of bad sleep (26.7%) and frequent nocturnal awakenings (24.1%), Group V had the highest percentage of insufficient sleep (40,4%) and difficulty falling asleep (42.7%) and Group IV presented an elevated difficulty in waking up in the morning (70.1%). A significant negative correlation was found in total group between use of smartphone, internet and studying/doing homework and total sleep time. The use of smartphone, internet videogames, listening to music and studying/doing homework was positively associated with delayed bedtime.Conclusions: This study confirms the great impact of pre-sleep habits, and in particular the use of technology on adolescent sleep. Our results demonstrate that sleep is strongly altered among Italian adolescents using electronic devices in evening. The type of technology may be related to specific sleep profile, emphasizing the importance of stratification analyses to identify associated factors to sleep problems. (c) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the impact of pre-sleep habits, including the use of technology, on sleep in Italian adolescents. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are adolescents, and the focus is on sleep rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the study is observational and does not involve a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Nouredanesh, M. and J. Tung (2019). 
[Title]    IMU, sEMG, or their cross-correlation and temporal similarities: Which signal features detect lateral compensatory balance reactions more accurately?
[Journal]  COMPUTER METHODS AND PROGRAMS IN BIOMEDICINE 182.
[Abstract] Background and objective: Falls are the leading cause of fatal and non-fatal injuries among seniors worldwide. While laboratory evidence supports the view that impaired ability to execute compensatory balance responses (CBRs) is linked to an increased risk of falling, existing unsupervised fall risk assessment methods are mainly focused on detecting changes in spatio-temporal gait parameters over time rather than naturally-occurring CBR events. To address the gap in available methods, this paper compares the capability of machine learning-based models trained on the kinematic data from inertial measurement units (IMU) and surface electromyography (sEMG) features to detect lateral CBRs, to ultimately address detection of CBRs in free-living conditions. Moreover, we propose a novel "Hybrid" feature set, which considers cross-correlation and temporal similarities between the normalized kinematic and sEMG signals.Methods: Focusing on frontal plane perturbations, a classifier to automatically: 1) detect lateral CBRs during normal gait, and 2) identify type (i.e., crossover, sidestep) using data from three wearable IMUs and 4 sEMG signals from the thigh (i.e., biceps femoris, rectus femoris) and lower leg muscles (i.e., gastrocnemious, tibialis anterior) was developed. In total, 600 trials (including 358 lateral CBRs) from 7 young, healthy adults were analyzed. The effects of feature type (IMU, sEMG, Hybrid) and sensor placement on the random forest-based classifier performance were investigated.Results: CBR detection (i.e., CBR vs normal gait) accuracies (leave-one-subject-out cross validation) were 83.95% and 99.21% using sEMG-based and IMU-based features, respectively, which dropped to 72.17% and 84.83% for the multiclass identification (i.e., side-step vs cross-over vs normal gait) problem. Findings yielded shank as the best overall location for the multiclass problem, and chest as the most accurate for CBR detection. In general, adding sEMG and Hybrid features to IMUs yielded incremental improvements in CBR detection and type identification (87.03% leave-one-subject-out cross-validation for type identification).Conclusion: The findings of this study demonstrate that IMU-based features are favourable over sEMG and Hybrid features for the task of CBR detection, with incremental value for type identification. Evidence presented suggests that Hybrid features may increase performance for other wearable sensor applications (e.g. activity recognition systems). (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using machine learning-based models with data from inertial measurement units (IMUs) and surface electromyography (sEMG) to detect lateral compensatory balance reactions (CBRs) in young, healthy adults. It does not involve an exergame intervention or target older people.

[Author]   Novak, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Evaluating the impact of artificial intelligence-assisted image analysis on the diagnostic accuracy of front-line clinicians in detecting fractures on plain X-rays (FRACT-AI): protocol for a prospective observational study.
[Journal]  BMJ OPEN 14(9).
[Abstract] Introduction Missed fractures are the most frequent diagnostic error attributed to clinicians in UK emergency departments and a significant cause of patient morbidity. Recently, advances in computer vision have led to artificial intelligence (AI)-enhanced model developments, which can support clinicians in the detection of fractures. Previous research has shown these models to have promising effects on diagnostic performance, but their impact on the diagnostic accuracy of clinicians in the National Health Service (NHS) setting has not yet been fully evaluated. Methods and analysis A dataset of 500 plain radiographs derived from Oxford University Hospitals (OUH) NHS Foundation Trust will be collated to include all bones except the skull, facial bones and cervical spine. The dataset will be split evenly between radiographs showing one or more fractures and those without. The reference ground truth for each image will be established through independent review by two senior musculoskeletal radiologists. A third senior radiologist will resolve disagreements between two primary radiologists. The dataset will be analysed by a commercially available AI tool, BoneView (Gleamer, Paris, France), and its accuracy for detecting fractures will be determined with reference to the ground truth diagnosis. We will undertake a multiple case multiple reader study in which clinicians interpret all images without AI support, then repeat the process with access to AI algorithm output following a 4-week washout. 18 clinicians will be recruited as readers from four hospitals in England, from six distinct clinical groups, each with three levels of seniority (early-stage, mid-stage and later-stage career). Changes in the accuracy, confidence and speed of reporting will be compared with and without AI support. Readers will use a secure web-based DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) viewer (www.raiqc.com), allowing radiograph viewing and abnormality identification. Pooled analyses will be reported for overall reader performance as well as for subgroups including clinical role, level of seniority, pathological finding and difficulty of image. Ethics and dissemination The study has been approved by the UK Healthcare Research Authority (IRAS 310995, approved on 13 December 2022). The use of anonymised retrospective radiographs has been authorised by OUH NHS Foundation Trust. The results will be presented at relevant conferences and published in a peer-reviewed journal.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about evaluating the impact of an artificial intelligence-assisted image analysis tool on the diagnostic accuracy of clinicians in detecting fractures on plain X-rays. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is an AI tool, and the target population is clinicians, not older people. Additionally, the study design is a prospective observational study, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Novotna, K., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Biofeedback Based Home Balance Training can Improve Balance but Not Gait in People with Multiple Sclerosis.
[Journal]  MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS INTERNATIONAL 2019.
[Abstract] Background. Impaired balance is common in people with multiple sclerosis (MS) and can be present even in those with a mild disability level. With increasing disability, gait, and balance impairment progress, and lead to increased risk of falls. In some recent studies, interactive commercial video games were used for improving balance, but their limitation is their lack of individual training parameter settings needed for rehabilitation purposes. The aim of this study was to evaluate the feasibility and effect of balance exercise in the home setting using the rehabilitation Homebalance (R) system. Methods. A single-centre, controlled, single blind study with allocation to intervention group or to control group was utilised. Participants were assessed at baseline, after four weeks of home-based balance training, and follow-up after four weeks. The primary outcomes were the Berg Balance Test (BBT). The secondary outcome measures included the Mini-BESTest, Timed Up, and Go Test (part of Mini-BESTest), and spatio-temporal gait parameter evaluation using the GAITRite instrument. The patient reported outcomes (PRO) included the 12-Item MS Walking Scale, Activities-specific Balance Confidence Scale, and the Falls Efficacy Scale. Results. A total of 39 people with Multiple Sclerosis (10 men) were enrolled into the study. The mean age of participants was 40.69 +/- 10.2 years, with a mean disease duration 14.76 +/- 9.1 years and mean disability level 3.8 +/- 1.9 EDSS (EDSS range 1.5-7). Statistically significant improvements within the home exercise group were present for the BBT and the Mini-BESTest. This improvement was more significant in the subgroup with moderate and higher disability (EDSS 4.5-7). All other gait parameters and PRO did not show any improvement. Follow-up assessment after four weeks showed that the reached improvement persisted for a short time period after finishing the regular training regimen. Conclusion. In comparison with no intervention, a short-term programme of home-based balance training using Homebalance (R) improved balance but not gait performance in a group of people with MS. It seems that home-based balance training tailored according to individual needs by a physiotherapist may be a future approach to consider for telerehabilitation of people with MS.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on people with multiple sclerosis (MS) and uses a biofeedback-based home balance training system (Homebalance®) rather than an exergame. Additionally, the participants are not specifically elderly, as the mean age is 40.69 years.

[Author]   Nowakowski, K., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    INSIGHTS INTO HUMAN LOCOMOTION STRATEGIES AND MOTOR LEARNING FOR AN AGEING POPULATION USING TRANSFER TESTING AND COUPLED SIMULATIONS.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MECHANICS IN MEDICINE AND BIOLOGY 24(06).
[Abstract] The elucidation of human locomotion strategies has potential applications in the prevention of sarcopenia and in the reduction of falls. Given the diverse biochemical, mechanical and functional age-related changes seen in the neuro-musculoskeletal system, the decline in motor function is difficult to study experimentally. In this study, we use transfer testing and coupled simulation strategies within a deep reinforcement learning environment to better understand the complex problem of motor control adaptation to age-related changes. Using transfer testing, a 3D musculoskeletal model is separately trained on parameters of the young adult model (Y) for either forward or backward falls after completing two steps forward, and tested using a 30% age-related reduction for all parameters (M_all). This strategy produces a backward fall for a forwardly trained simulation, showing potential sensitivity of these parameters to a given fall direction. Second, a coupled simulation solution is used to simulate recovery from falls by considering the center-of-mass position relative to the base of support. Results for the M_all trained model showed a longer simulation time and a greater vertical pelvis velocity with a maximal value of 4.26m/s. In particular, the results of the coupled simulations clearly show that both the young and M_all condition models respond with a step back and stronger leg extensor activations to propel the model forward to recover from the simulated fall. We developed a novel coupling between transfer testing and coupled simulation strategies to improve upon muscle models for characterizing muscle function, and also to begin testing different hypotheses, such as the strategy and force required to avoid a fall at different limits. This opens new avenues for precision rehabilitation with patient-specific muscle-driven recovery exercises.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using transfer testing and coupled simulations within a deep reinforcement learning environment to understand motor control adaptation to age-related changes. It does not involve an exergame intervention, nor does it report results from randomized controlled trials with older people.

[Author]   Nowakowski, K., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Deep reinforcement learning coupled with musculoskeletal modelling for a better understanding of elderly falls.
[Journal]  MEDICAL & BIOLOGICAL ENGINEERING & COMPUTING 60(6): 1745-1761.
[Abstract] Reinforcement learning (RL) has been used to study human locomotion learning. One of the current challenges in healthcare is our understanding of and ability to slow the decline due to muscle ageing and its effect on human falls. The purpose of this study was to investigate reinforcement learning for human movement strategies when modifying muscle parameters to account for age-related changes. In particular, human falls with modified physiological factors were modelled and simulated to determine the effect of muscle descriptors for ageing on kinematic behaviour and muscle force control. A 3D musculoskeletal model (8 DoF and 22 muscles) of the human body was used. The deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG) method was implemented. Different muscle descriptors for ageing were integrated, including changes in maximum isometric force, contraction velocity, the deactivation time constant and passive muscle strain. Additionally, the effects of isometric force reductions of 10, 20 and 30% were also considered independently. An environment for the simulation was developed using the opensim-rl package for Python with the training process completed on Google Compute Engine. The simulation outcomes for healthy young adult and elderly falls under modified muscle behaviours were compared to experimental observations for validation. The result of our elderly simulation for multiple ageing-related factors (M_all) produced a walking speed of 0.26 m/s for the two steps taken prior to the fall. The over activation of the hip extensors and inactivation of knee extensors led to a backward fall for this elderly simulation. The inactivated rectus femoris and right tibialis are main actors of the forward fall. Our simulation outcomes are consistent with experimental observations through the comparison of kinematic features and motion history evolution. We showed in the present study, for the first time, that RL can be used as a strategy to explore the effect of ageing muscle physiological factors on kinematics and muscle control during falls. Our findings show that the elderly fall model for the M_all condition more closely resembles experimental elderly fall data than our simulations which considered age-related reductions of force alone. As future perspectives, the behaviour preceding a fall will be studied to establish the strategies used to avoid falls or fall with minimal consequence, leading to the identification of patient-specific rehabilitation programmes for elderly people.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using deep reinforcement learning and musculoskeletal modeling to understand the effects of muscle aging on human falls. It does not involve an exergame intervention, nor does it report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Nowogrodzki, A. (2018). 
[Title]    The research hardware in your video-game system.
[Journal]  Nature 553(7686): 115-116.
[Abstract] 
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The provided information, including the title and the journal name, does not suggest that the paper is about using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The title "The research hardware in your video-game system" implies a focus on the technical aspects of video game hardware rather than an intervention study. Additionally, the abstract is missing, so there is no further context to confirm if the paper meets the specified criteria. Therefore, based on the available information, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Nuic, D., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    The feasibility and positive effects of a customised videogame rehabilitation programme for freezing of gait and falls in Parkinson's disease patients: a pilot study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 15.
[Abstract] Background: Freezing of gait and falls represent a major burden in patients with advanced forms of Parkinson's disease (PD). These axial motor signs are not fully alleviated by drug treatment or deep-brain stimulation. Recently, virtual reality has emerged as a rehabilitation option for these patients. In this pilot study, we aim to determine the feasibility and acceptability of rehabilitation with a customised videogame to treat gait and balance disorders in PD patients, and assess its effects on these disabling motor signs.Methods: We developed a customised videogame displayed on a screen using the Kinect system. To play, the patient had to perform large amplitude and fast movements of all four limbs, pelvis and trunk, in response to visual and auditory cueing, to displace an avatar to collect coins and avoid obstacles to gain points. We tested ten patients with advanced forms of PD (median disease duration = 16.5 years) suffering from freezing of gait and/or falls (Hoehn& Yahr score >= 3) resistant to antiparkinsonian treatment and deep brain stimulation. Patients performed 18 training sessions during a 6-9 week period. We measured the feasibility and acceptability of our rehabilitation programme and its effects on parkinsonian disability, gait and balance disorders (with clinical scales and kinematics recordings), positive and negative affects, and quality of life, after the 9th and 18th training sessions and 3 months later.Results: All patients completed the 18 training sessions with high feasibility, acceptability and satisfaction scores. After training, the freezing-of-gait questionnaire, gait-and-balance scale and axial score significantly decreased by 39, 38 and 41%, respectively, and the activity-balance confidence scale increased by 35%. Kinematic gait parameters also significantly improved with increased step length and gait velocity and decreased double-stance time. Three months after the final session, no significant change persisted except decreased axial score and increased step length and velocity.Conclusions: This study suggests that rehabilitation with a customised videogame to treat gait and balance disorders is feasible, well accepted, and effective in parkinsonian patients. These data serve as preliminary evidence for further larger and controlled studies to propose this customised videogame rehabilitation programme at home.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a pilot study focused on the feasibility and positive effects of a customized videogame rehabilitation program for freezing of gait and falls in Parkinson's disease patients. While the intervention involves an exergame (a customized videogame using the Kinect system) and targets older people with advanced Parkinson's disease, the study is a pilot and does not include a randomized controlled trial. The results are preliminary and aimed at determining feasibility and acceptability rather than reporting outcomes from a controlled trial. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as specified.

[Author]   Nunes, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Biomechanical strategies for mitigating unexpected slips: A review.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 173.
[Abstract] Slips are the leading cause of falls, and understanding slip biomechanics is crucial for preventing falls and mitigating their negative consequences. This study analyses human biomechanical responses to slips, including kinetic, kinematic, spatiotemporal, and EMG variables. We reviewed 41 studies investigating slip-induced falls in lab settings, computational models, and training approaches. Our analysis focused on reactions and effects of factors like age, fatigue, strength, perturbation intensity, and gait speed. Trailing limbs' hip extension and knee flexion interrupt the swing phase earlier, increasing the support base. The slipping leg responds with two phases: hip extension and knee flexion, then hip flexion and knee extension. Furthermore, our analysis revealed that the medial hamstring muscles play an active role in slip recoveries. Their activation in the slipping limb allows for hip extension and knee flexion, while in the trailing limb, their activation results in the foot touching down. Additionally, successful slip recoveries were associated with co-contraction of the Tibialis Anterior (TA) and Medial Gastrocnemius (MG), which increases ankle joint stability and facilitates foot contact with the ground. Our review identifies various factors that influence biomechanical and muscular responses to slips, including age, perturbation intensity, gait speed, muscular fatigue, and muscular strength. These findings have important implications for designing interventions to prevent slip-related falls, including cutting-edge technology devices based on a deeper understanding of slip recoveries. Future research should explore the complex interplay between biomechanics, muscle activation patterns, and environmental factors to improve slip-fall prevention strategies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a review that analyzes human biomechanical responses to slips and discusses various factors influencing these responses. It does not specifically focus on the use of exergames as an intervention for preventing falls in the elderly, nor does it report results from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Nyamathi, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Establishing the Foundations of Emotional Intelligence in CareCompanion Robots to Mitigate Agitation Among High-Risk PatientsWith Dementia:Protocol for an Empathetic Patient-RobotInteraction Study.
[Journal]  JMIR RESEARCH PROTOCOLS 13.
[Abstract] Background: An estimated 6.7 million persons are living with dementia in the United States, a number expected to double by2060. Persons experiencing moderate to severe dementia are 4 to 5 times more likely to fall than those without dementia, due toagitation and unsteady gait. Socially assistive robots fail to address the changing emotional states associated with agitation, andit is unclear how emotional states change, how they impact agitation and gait over time, and how social robots can best respondby showing empathy. Objective: This study aims to design and validate a foundational model of emotional intelligence for empathetic patient-robotinteraction that mitigates agitation among those at the highest risk: persons experiencing moderate to severe dementia.Methods: A design science approach will be adopted to (1) collect and store granular, personal, and chronological data usingPersonicle (an open-source software platform developed to automatically collect data from phones and other devices), incorporatingreal-time visual, audio, and physiological sensing technologies in a simulation laboratory and at board and care facilities; (2)develop statistical models to understand and forecast the emotional state, agitation level, and gait pattern of persons experiencingmoderate to severe dementia in real time using machine learning and artificial intelligence and Personicle; (3) design and test anempathy-focused conversation model, focused on storytelling; and (4) test and evaluate this model for a care companion robot(CCR) in the community .Results: The study was funded in October 2023. For aim 1, architecture development for Personicle data collection began witha search for existing open-source data in January 2024. A community advisory board was formed and met in December 2023 to provide feedback on the use of CCRs and provide personal stories. Full institutional review board approval was received in March2024 to place cameras and CCRs at the sites. In March 2024, atomic marker development was begun. For aim 2, after a reviewof open-source data on patients with dementia, the development of an emotional classifier was begun. Data labeling was startedin April 2024 and completed in June 2024 with ongoing validation. Moreover, the team established a baseline multimodal modeltrained and validated on healthy-person data sets, using transformer architecture in a semisupervised manner, and later retrainedon the labeled data set of patients experiencing moderate to severe dementia. In April 2024, empathy alignment of large languagemodels was initiated using prompt engineering and reinforcement learning. Conclusions: This innovative caregiving approach is designed to recognize the signs of agitation and, upon recognition, intervenewith empathetic verbal communication. This proposal has the potential to have a significant impact on an emerging field ofcomputational dementia science by reducing unnecessary agitation and falls of persons experiencing moderate to severe dementia,while reducing caregiver burden.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the abstract focuses on developing an emotionally intelligent care companion robot (CCR) to mitigate agitation among high-risk patients with dementia, which may indirectly help in reducing falls. However, the intervention does not involve exergames, and the primary focus is on empathetic patient-robot interaction rather than a physical exercise or cognitive training game.

[Author]   Oblea, P. N., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Evaluation of Clinical Nurse Transition Program at US Army Hospitals.
[Journal]  MILITARY MEDICINE 184(11-12): 914-921.
[Abstract] Introduction: The purpose of this evaluation was to determine the effectiveness of the clinical nurse transition program (CNTP) for newly commissioned Army nurses. This is one of the first evaluations conducted to document the outcomes of the Army Nurse Corps (ANC) transition-to practice residency program. Materials and Methods: This project was a prospective pre-test/post-test design evaluation of newly licensed registered nurses (RNs) entering the military health system from Fall 2017 to Fall 2018 using Casey-Fink Readiness for Practice Survey and the New Graduate RN Transition Program Competency Assessment Tool. Data were analyzed using SAS 9.4. All tests were two-tailed as applicable and p-values less than 0.05 were considered significant. Missing data were treated as missing for individual items; their values were not imputed. No participant was excluded due to missing items. This evaluation was determined to be exempt from human subject protection regulations by the Human Protections Administrator at Womack Army Medical Center. Results: A total of 92 pre-test surveys were sent to the nine CNTP training sites which actively trained RNs during the study timeframe. Due to a shipping error, 6 of the 92 completed pre-test surveys from one CNTP site were not received, for an overall response rate of 93.4% (86/92), from eight CNTP sites. Of the 86 participants from whom pre-tests were received, all 86 successfully returned their post-test survey, for a 100% response rate pre- to post- survey. The participants were predominately white (73.3%) and female (70.9%) with a median age of 23 years (IQR: 22-24 years) and an undergraduate GPA of 3.5 (IQR: 3.4-3.7, Table II). Quantitative data analysis revealed that after the training, all participants reported a significant improvement in providing safe (p < 0.0001) and quality care (p < 0.0001) for an average workload of in-patient patients. It also showed a significant improvement in team leading (p < 0.0001), effective decision making (p < 0.0001), incorporating evidence into practice (p < 0.0001), and demonstrated professionalism (p < 0.0001). The overall clinical competence and readiness to practice (p < 0.0001) also improved. Data shows that participants perceive significant improvement in all the objectives set by the ANC for the transition program. Conclusion: The results of this program evaluation provide evidence that the CNTP has been a success in meeting the intended objectives. Participants showed a significant improvement in their perceived readiness and level of competency in clinical, technical, and leadership skills performance at the end of the program, as well as improved communication and teamwork. The CNTP experience provides an effective means to facilitate the development of newly licensed Army nurses' clinical competence and confidence in practice. The study limitation includes the Casey-Fink Readiness for Practice Survey had relatively low reliability, but it was chosen as it was better aligned to the specified CNTP objectives. And also, with any self-reported evaluation, there is potential bias regarding the accuracy of participants' self-perception. Follow-up study may include examining the demographics of the incoming nurses, such as their source of commission. To determine if and how the comfort and confidence self-reported by the new graduate nurses is reflective of actual ability, nurse preceptors may be asked to complete skills assessments or simulations with objective measurements may be used.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the evaluation of a clinical nurse transition program for newly commissioned Army nurses, and it does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are newly licensed registered nurses, the intervention is a training program, and the study design is a pre-test/post-test evaluation, not a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the focus is on the effectiveness of the training program in improving clinical competence and readiness to practice, not on fall prevention or exergames.

[Author]   O'Connell, C., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Effects of acute peripheral/central visual field loss on standing balance.
[Journal]  EXPERIMENTAL BRAIN RESEARCH 235(11): 3261-3270.
[Abstract] Vision impairments such as age-related macular degeneration (AMD) and glaucoma are among the top risk factors for geriatric falls and falls-related injuries. AMD and glaucoma lead to loss of the central and peripheral visual fields, respectively. This study utilized a custom contact lens model to occlude the peripheral or central visual fields in healthy adults, offering a novel within-subject approach to improve our understanding of the etiology of balance impairments that may lead to an increased fall risk in patients with visual field loss. Two dynamic posturography tests, including an adapted version of the Sensory Organization Test and a virtual reality environment with the visual scene moving sinusoidally, were used to evaluate standing balance. Balance stability was quantified by displacement and time-normalized path length of the center of pressure. Nine young and eleven older healthy adults wore visual field occluding contact lenses during posturography assessments to compare the effects of acute central and peripheral visual field occlusion. The results found that visual field occlusion had greater impact on older adults than young adults, specifically when proprioceptive cues are unreliable. Furthermore, the results suggest that both central and peripheral visions are important in postural control; however, peripheral vision may be more sensitive to movement in the environment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of acute peripheral/central visual field loss on standing balance, using a custom contact lens model and dynamic posturography tests, including a virtual reality environment. While it does involve older adults and a virtual reality component, the primary focus is on understanding the impact of visual field loss on balance, rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Octavia, J. R., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    The use of Matti: a tangible user interface in physical rehabilitation to motivate children and older adults.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF HUMAN FACTORS AND ERGONOMICS 10(4).
[Abstract] Highly motivated patients who enjoy their physical rehabilitation tend to attain better therapeutic outcomes. However, given the prolonged repetitive nature of postural control rehabilitation in older adults and children with developmental coordination disorder (DCD), motivation levels might drop quickly. Exergames and digital therapy tools could offer practical answers to this issue and allow therapists to provide patients objective outcome measurements. To incorporate digital innovation in clinical and rehabilitation practices, this study discusses Matti, an interactive system created as a customisable tangible user interface (TUI). Its usability in pediatric and geriatric physiotherapy contexts is explored and evaluated through user evaluation. The Matti device was found to be usable and enjoyable for exergaming rehabilitation. However, additional study on measuring capabilities is needed to enable the accurate and reliable objective outcome measurements through this TUI. Future research should analyse how this TUI and gamified postural control assessment affects patients' motivation and therapeutic outcomes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper discusses the use of a tangible user interface (TUI) called Matti for physical rehabilitation, which includes both children and older adults. While it mentions exergames and digital therapy tools, the primary focus is on the usability and enjoyment of the TUI in a rehabilitation context, rather than specifically using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, the paper does not meet all the specified criteria.

[Author]   Ofli, F., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Design and Evaluation of an Interactive Exercise Coaching System for Older Adults: Lessons Learned.
[Journal]  IEEE JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATICS 20(1): 201-212.
[Abstract] Although the positive effects of exercise on the wellbeing and quality of independent living for older adults are well accepted, many elderly individuals lack access to exercise facilities, or the skills andmotivation to perform exercise at home. To provide a more engaging environment that promotes physical activity, various fitness applications have been proposed. Many of the available products, however, are geared toward a younger population and are not appropriate or engaging for an older population. To address these issues, we developed an automated interactive exercise coaching system using the Microsoft Kinect. The coaching system guides users through a series of video exercises, tracks and measures their movements, provides real-time feedback, and records their performance over time. Our system consists of exercises to improve balance, flexibility, strength, and endurance, with the aim of reducing fall risk and improving performance of daily activities. In this paper, we report on the development of the exercise system, discuss the results of our recent field pilot study with six independently living elderly individuals, and highlight the lessons learned relating to the in-home system setup, user tracking, feedback, and exercise performance evaluation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the design and evaluation of an interactive exercise coaching system for older adults using the Microsoft Kinect. While it does target older people and aims to improve balance, which could help in reducing fall risk, it does not specifically mention that the intervention is an exergame. Additionally, the study is a pilot study rather than a randomized controlled trial, and the results are preliminary. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ofori, E. K., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Kinematic Analysis of Dance-Based Exergaming A Cross-Sectional Study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF DANCE MEDICINE & SCIENCE 25(3): 200-213.
[Abstract] Background: Recent studies demonstrate improvements in both postural stability and mobility among aging populations and those with stroke who are exposed to dance-based exergaming (DBExG). However, age-related deficits and aging with cortical pathology may lead to distinct movement adaptation patterns during DBExG, which could impact therapeutic outcomes.Aim: The aim of this study was to examine the movement kinematics (postural stability and mobility) of healthy older adults, older adults with stroke, and young adults for different paces of dance during DBExG.Method: The study included 33 particpants (11 participant from each group of healthy older adults, older adults with chronic stroke, and healthy young adults) who performed the DBExG using slow (SP), medium-(MP), and fast-paced (FP) songs with movements in the anteroposterior (AP) and mediolateral (ML) directions. Center of mass (CoM) sway area, excursion (Ex), and peaks as well as hip, knee, and ankle joint excursions were computed.Results: Results of the study revealed that CoM sway areas and Exs were greater for healthy young adults than for older adults with stroke for the SP dance (p < 0.05) and that there were significantly more AP CoM peaks for young adults than for healthy older adults and those with stroke for the FP dance (p < 0.05). Young adults also exhibited greater hip and ankle Exs than older adults with stroke (p < 0.05) for all song paces. Similarly, knee and ankle Exs were greater for healthy older adults than for older adults with stroke for all song paces (p < 0.05).Conclusion: The quantitative evalu-ation and comparison of the movement patterns presented for the three groups could provide a foundation for both assessing and designing therapeutic DBExG protocols for these populations.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older adults and an exergame (dance-based exergaming), the study is a cross-sectional analysis and does not include a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the primary focus is on kinematic analysis and movement patterns rather than on the prevention of falls.

[Author]   Ogawa, E., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Physiological responses and enjoyment of Kinect-based exergames in older adults at risk for falls: A feasibility study.
[Journal]  TECHNOLOGY AND HEALTH CARE 27(4): 353-362.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Exergaming has the potential to improve physical function, cognition and dual-task function, and could be an effective new strategy for reducing risk of falling in older adults.OBJECTIVE: To evaluate and test custom Microsoft Kinect-based motion-tracking exergames in older adults at risk for falls.METHODS: Community-dwelling older adults who reported mobility difficulties or had fallen in the past year played three newly developed exergames (Target Trackers, Double Decision, and Visual Sweeps, 5 minutes each) in random order. Heart rate (HR) was measured during, and blood pressures (BPs), rating of perceived exertion (RPE), and rating of the enjoyment were recorded immediately after each exergame.RESULTS: Seven participants (median age 75 y; 4 females) completed the study. There were no adverse events reported during the exergaming session. Exercise HRs and RPEs were statistically significantly higher than resting for all exergames (p < 0.05). The differences were not significant for BPs. Enjoyment ratings ranged from 79.6-90.6% and there were no statistically significant differences between the exergames.CONCLUSIONS: The newly developed exergames were light in exercise intensity and enjoyable for older adults at risk for falls. Future intervention studies are warranted to examine the benefits of exergames for this special population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a feasibility study that evaluates the physiological responses and enjoyment of Kinect-based exergames in older adults at risk for falls. However, it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial (RCT). The study is focused on assessing the feasibility and initial responses to the exergames, rather than testing the effectiveness of the exergames in preventing falls through an RCT. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ogawa, E. F., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Effects of Exergaming on Cognition and Gait in Older Adults at Risk for Falling.
[Journal]  MEDICINE AND SCIENCE IN SPORTS AND EXERCISE 52(3): 754-761.
[Abstract] PurposeTo test whether an 8-wk exergaming (EG) program would improve cognition and gait characteristics compared with a traditional physical exercise (TPE) program in older adults at risk for falling. MethodsA pilot quasi-experimental study was conducted in adults age >= 65 yr at risk for falls, living in senior communities. Participants enrolled (n = 35) in either exercise program offered twice weekly for 8 wk. Cognition and single-task and dual-task gait characteristics were measured before and after the 8-wk exercise intervention. For each outcome, a repeated-measures ANCOVA adjusted for age, gender, and exercise intensity (ratings of perceived exertion, RPE) was used to examine the group-time interaction. ResultsTwenty-nine participants (age, 77 +/- 7 yr) completed either the EG program (n = 15) or the TPE program (n = 14). Statistically significant group-time interactions were observed in Trail Making Test Part A (P < 0.05) and single-task gait speed, stride length, swing time percentage, and double support percentage (all P < 0.05), and marginal group differences were observed in Mini-Mental State Examination (P = 0.07), all favoring the EG program. There were no statistically significant group differences in dual-task gait measurements except for swing time percentage and double support percentage, favoring the EG program. ConclusionsAn 8-wk EG program for older adults at risk for falls contributed to modest improvements in a number of cognitive measures and single-task but limited improvements in dual-task gait measures, compared with TPE. These findings support the need for larger trials to determine cognitive and mobility benefits related to EG.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a quasi-experimental study, not a randomized controlled trial (RCT). According to the criteria provided, the paper should include RCTs and report the results. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Ogawa, E. F., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Potential Benefits of Exergaming for Cognition and Dual-Task Function in Older Adults: A Systematic Review.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF AGING AND PHYSICAL ACTIVITY 24(2): 332-336.
[Abstract] This paper provides a systematic review of current research findings using exergaming as a treatment for improving cognition and dual-task function in older adults. A literature search was conducted to collect exergaming intervention studies that were either randomized controlled or uncontrolled studies. Of the seven identified studies (five randomized controlled studies and two uncontrolled studies), three studies focused on cognitive function alone, two studies focused on dual-task function alone, and two studies measured both cognitive function and dual task function. Current evidence supports that exergaming improves cognitive function and dual-task function, which potentially leads to fall prevention. However, it is unclear whether exergaming, which involves both cognitive input and physical exercise, has additional benefits compared with traditional physical exercise alone. Further studies should include traditional exercise as a control group to identify these potential, additional benefits.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, and according to the criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ogonowski, C., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    ICT-Based Fall Prevention System for Older Adults: Qualitative Results from a Long-Term Field Study.
[Journal]  ACM TRANSACTIONS ON COMPUTER-HUMAN INTERACTION 23(5).
[Abstract] Falls and their consequences are arguably most important events for transition from independent living to institutional care for older adults. Information and communication technology (ICT)-based support of fall prevention and fall risk assessment under the control of the user has a tremendous potential to, over time, prevent falls and reduce associated harm and costs. Our research uses participative design and a persuasive health approach to allow for seamless integration of an ICT-based fall prevention system into older adults' everyday life. Based on a 6-month field study with 12 participants, we present qualitative results regarding the system use and provide insights into attitudes and practices of older adults concerning fall prevention and ICT-supported self-management of health. Our study demonstrates how it can lead to positive aspects of embodiment and health literacy through continuous monitoring of personal results, improved technical confidence, and quality of life. Implications are provided for designing similar systems.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a study involving an ICT-based fall prevention system for older adults, but it does not specifically mention the use of exergames. The focus is on the qualitative results from a long-term field study, and there is no indication that the intervention involved exergames or that the study was a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Oh, N., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Using Virtual Reality to Reduce Anxiety and Improve Hospital Experience in Paediatric Orthopaedic Patients and Their Parents.
[Journal]  CHILDREN-BASEL 10(8).
[Abstract] The hospital environment can be a stressful environment for paediatric patients and their parents, which is often characterised by heightened levels of pain and anxiety. To address these challenges, many innovative intervention methods has been explored. For example, immersive virtual reality (VR) headsets as a distraction method has become an increasingly popular intervention in recent years. This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of VR using 'Rescape DR.VR Junior' in reducing pain, anxiety, and enhancing the overall hospital experience for paediatric orthopaedic patients and their parents. A total of 64 patients aged 4-18 years were included in this study, which utilised a control group (interacting with a play specialist) and a VR intervention group (including pre-operative patients and fracture clinic patients). Anxiety and pain levels were measured using a 10-point Likert scale before and after the intervention, and validated questionnaires were used to assess parental anxiety and overall hospital experience. The results indicated that VR intervention significantly reduced patient and parental anxiety both before surgery and in the fracture clinic setting (p < 0.5). However, no significant reduction in pain scores was observed in either environments. Comparatively, VR intervention was found to be comparable to traditional play methods in terms of reducing anxiety in the pre-operative environment. All patients and parents agreed that the use of VR distraction methods significantly improved their hospital experience. In conclusion, VR is an effective method for reducing child and parental anxiety and enhancing the hospital experience and can be used alone or in conjunction with a play specialist.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using virtual reality (VR) to reduce anxiety and improve the hospital experience for pediatric orthopedic patients and their parents. The intervention targets are children aged 4-18 years, and the outcomes measured are related to anxiety, pain, and overall hospital experience, not fall prevention in older adults.

[Author]   Oh, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    MEDi-SOL: Multi Ensemble Distribution Model for Estimating Sleep Onset Latency.
[Journal]  IEEE JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATICS 28(7): 4249-4259.
[Abstract] Sleep onset latency (SOL) is an important factor relating to the sleep quality of a subject. Therefore, accurate prediction of SOL is useful to identify individuals at risk of sleep disorders and to improve sleep quality. In this study, we estimate SOL distribution and falling asleep function using an electroencephalogram (EEG), which can measure the electric field of brain activity. We proposed a Multi Ensemble Distribution model for estimating Sleep Onset Latency (MEDi-SOL), consisting of a temporal encoder and a time distribution decoder. We evaluated the performance of the proposed model using a public dataset from the Sleep Heart Health Study. We considered four distributions, Normal, log-Normal, Weibull, and log-Logistic, and compared them with a survival model and a regression model. The temporal encoder with the ensemble log-Logistic and log-Normal distribution showed the best and second-best scores in the concordance index (C-index) and mean absolute error (MAE). Our MEDi-SOL, multi ensemble distribution with combining log-Logistic and log-Normal distribution, shows the best score in C-index and MAE, with a fast training time. Furthermore, our model can visualize the process of falling asleep for individual subjects. As a result, a distribution-based ensemble approach with appropriate distribution is more useful than point estimation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about estimating sleep onset latency using an electroencephalogram (EEG) and a proposed model called MEDi-SOL. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not a randomized controlled trial focused on preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Oh-Park, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Technology Utilization in Fall Prevention.
[Journal]  AMERICAN JOURNAL OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE & REHABILITATION 100(1): 92-99.
[Abstract] Falls, defined as unplanned descents to the floor with or without injury to an individual, remain to be one of the most challenging health conditions. Fall rate is a key quality metric of acute care hospitals, rehabilitation settings, and long-term care facilities. Fall prevention policies with proper implementation have been the focus of surveys by regulatory bodies, including The Joint Commission and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, for all healthcare settings. Since October 2008, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has stopped reimbursing hospitals for the costs related to patient falls, shifting the accountability for fall prevention to the healthcare providers. Research shows that almost one-third of falls can be prevented and extensive fall prevention interventions exist. Recently, technology-based applications have been introduced in healthcare to obtain superior patient care outcomes and experience via efficiency, access, and reliability. Several areas in fall prevention deploy technology, including predictive and prescriptive analytics using big data, video monitoring and alarm technology, wearable sensors, exergame and virtual reality, robotics in home environment assessment, and personal coaching. This review discusses an overview of these technology-based applications in various settings, focusing on the outcomes of fall reductions, cost, and other benefits.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract discusses a broad range of technology-based applications for fall prevention, including exergames and virtual reality. However, it is a review that provides an overview of these technologies rather than presenting original data from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as specified.

[Author]   Olczak, J., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Ankle fracture classification using deep learning: automating detailed AO Foundation/Orthopedic Trauma Association (AO/OTA) 2018 malleolar fracture identification reaches a high degree of correct classification.
[Journal]  ACTA ORTHOPAEDICA 92(1): 102-108.
[Abstract] Background and purpose - Classification of ankle fractures is crucial for guiding treatment but advanced classifications such as the AO Foundation/Orthopedic Trauma Association (AO/OTA) are often too complex for human observers to learn and use. We have therefore investigated whether an automated algorithm that uses deep learning can learn to classify radiographs according to the new AO/OTA 2018 standards.Method - We trained a neural network based on the ResNet architecture on 4,941 radiographic ankle examinations. All images were classified according to the AO/OTA 2018 classification. A senior orthopedic surgeon (MG) then re-evaluated all images with fractures. We evaluated the network against a test set of 400 patients reviewed by 2 expert observers (MG, AS) independently.Results - In the training dataset, about half of the examinations contained fractures. The majority of the fractures were malleolar, of which the type B injuries represented almost 60% of the cases. Average area under the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) was 0.90 (95% CI 0.82-0.94) for correctly classifying AO/OTA class where the most common major fractures, the malleolar type B fractures, reached an AUC of 0.93 (CI 0.90-0.95). The poorest performing type was malleolar A fractures, which included avulsions of the fibular tip.Interpretation - We found that a neural network could attain the required performance to aid with a detailed ankle fracture classification. This approach could be scaled up to other body parts. As the type of fracture is an important part of orthopedic decision-making, this is an important step toward computer-assisted decision-making.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using deep learning to classify ankle fractures according to the AO/OTA 2018 standards. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a neural network for classifying radiographs, and it does not target older people or involve exergames.

[Author]   Olson, J. J., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Do Resident Surgical Volumes and Level of Training Correlate with Improved Performance on Psychomotor Skills Tasks: Construct Validity Testing of an ASSH Training Platform (STEP)?
[Journal]  JBJS OPEN ACCESS 6(1).
[Abstract] Background: The Surgical Training and Educational Platform (STEP) was developed by the American Society for Surgery of the Hand (ASSH) as a cost-effective set of surgical simulation modules designed to assess critical skills in hand surgery. Previous study demonstrated that STEP can differentiate between novice trainees and board-certified, certificate of added qualification hand surgeons. The purpose of this study was to assess construct validity of STEP by testing its ability to differentiate psychomotor skill level among intermediate trainees.Methods: We evaluated 30 residents from 2 orthopaedic residency programs on 8 modules: (1) lag screw fixation, (2) depth of plunge during bicortical drilling, (3) flexor tendon repair, (4) phalangeal fracture pinning, (5) central axis scaphoid fixation, (6) full-thickness skin graft harvest, (7) microsurgery, and (8) wrist arthroscopy. Spearman correlation was used to correlate total and task-specific scores to case log numbers, months in training, and number of hand surgery rotations.Results: Senior residents had significantly higher mean number of total cases in their total case log (mean difference 96.2, 95% confidence interval [CI] 67.5-124.8, p < 0.01) and number of task-specific cases. Moderate correlation was observed between case log numbers and scaphoid fixation score (rs = 0.423, 95% CI 0.07-0.69) and total score (rs = 0.584, 95% CI 0.25-0.79). Moderate correlation was observed between months in training with: scaphoid fixation (rs = 0.377, 95% CI 0.01-0.66) and microsurgery (rs = 0.483, 95% CI 0.13-0.73); strong correlation was seen with total score (rs = 0.656, 95% CI 0.35-0.83). Moderate correlation with number of hand surgery rotations was observed with tendon repair (rs = 0.362, 95% CI -0.01 to 0.65), skin graft (rs = 0.385, 95% CI 0.01-0.66), wrist arthroscopy (rs = 0.391, 95% CI 0.02-0.67), microsurgery (rs = 0.461, 95% CI 0.10-0.71), and scaphoid fixation (rs = 0.578, 95% CI 0.25-0.79); and strong correlation was seen with total score (rs = 0.670, 95% CI 0.37-0.84).Discussion/Conclusion: The STEP is a validated ASSH education tool that provides a cost-effective simulation for the assessment of fundamental psychomotor skills in hand surgery. Total STEP score correlated with total task-related case volumes as well as months in training and number of hand rotations. Scoring could be modified to improve the fidelity of assessing surgical performance. And, while both time and human resource consuming to perform, administer, and score, this study demonstrates construct validity of STEP in assessing the progression of surgical skill through residency.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the Surgical Training and Educational Platform (STEP) for assessing psychomotor skills in hand surgery among surgical residents. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about exergames or fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Olsson, F., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Neuromuscular Controller Models for Quantifying Standing Balance in Older People: A Systematic Review.
[Journal]  IEEE REVIEWS IN BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING 16: 560-578.
[Abstract] Objective quantification of the balancing mechanisms in humans is strongly needed in health care of older people, yet is largely missing among current clinical balance assessment methods. Hence, the main goal of this literature review is to identify methods that have the potential to meet that need. We searched in the PubMed and IEEE Xplore databases using predefined criteria, screened 1064 articles, and systematically reviewed and categorized methods from 73 studies that deal with identification of neuromuscular controller models of human upright standing from empirical data. These studies were then analyzed with the particular aim to understand to what degree such methods would be useful solutions for assessing the balance of older individuals aged above 60 years. The 16 studies that included an older subject population were especially examined with this in mind. The majority of the reviewed articles focused on research questions related to the general function of human balance control rather than clinical applicability. Further efforts need to be made to adapt these methods for more accessible and mobile technologies and to ensure that the outcomes are valid for balance assessment of a general older population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that focuses on identifying methods for quantifying standing balance in older people using neuromuscular controller models. It does not involve an exergame intervention, nor does it report the results of randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ong, C. F., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Predicting gait adaptations due to ankle plantarflexor muscle weakness and contracture using physics-based musculoskeletal simulations.
[Journal]  PLOS COMPUTATIONAL BIOLOGY 15(10).
[Abstract] Deficits in the ankle plantarflexor muscles, such as weakness and contracture, occur commonly in conditions such as cerebral palsy, stroke, muscular dystrophy, Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, and sarcopenia. While these deficits likely contribute to observed gait pathologies, determining cause-effect relationships is difficult due to the often co-occurring biomechanical and neural deficits. To elucidate the effects of weakness and contracture, we systematically introduced isolated deficits into a musculoskeletal model and generated simulations of walking to predict gait adaptations due to these deficits. We trained a planar model containing 9 degrees of freedom and 18 musculotendon actuators to walk using a custom optimization framework through which we imposed simple objectives, such as minimizing cost of transport while avoiding falling and injury, and maintaining head stability. We first generated gaits at prescribed speeds between 0.50 m/s and 2.00 m/s that reproduced experimentally observed kinematic, kinetic, and metabolic trends for walking. We then generated a gait at self-selected walking speed; quantitative comparisons between our simulation and experimental data for joint angles, joint moments, and ground reaction forces showed root-mean-squared errors of less than 1.6 standard deviations and normalized cross-correlations above 0.8 except for knee joint moment trajectories. Finally, we applied mild, moderate, and severe levels of muscle weakness or contracture to either the soleus (SOL) or gastrocnemius (GAS) or both of these major plantarflexors (PF) and retrained the model to walk at a self-selected speed. The model was robust to all deficits, finding a stable gait in all cases. Severe PF weakness caused the model to adopt a slower, "heel-walking" gait. Severe contracture of only SOL or both PF yielded similar results: the model adopted a "toe-walking" gait with excessive hip and knee flexion during stance. These results highlight how plantarflexor weakness and contracture may contribute to observed gait patterns.Author summary Deficits in the ankle plantarflexors, which are muscles that extend the ankle, are thought to contribute to abnormal walking patterns in conditions such as cerebral palsy, stroke, muscular dystrophy, Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease, and aging. To study how deficits in these muscles contribute to abnormal walking patterns, we used computer simulations to systematically introduce muscle deficits into a biomechanically accurate model. We first showed that our model could discover realistic walking patterns over a wide range of speeds when we posed a simple objective: walking while consuming a minimum amount of energy per distance, maintaining head stability, and avoiding injury. We then used the model to study the effect of two commonly observed problems: muscle weakness and muscle tightness. We found that severe weakness of the ankle plantarflexors caused the model to adopt a slower, "heel-walking" gait, and severe tightness caused the model to adopt a crouched, "toe-walking" gait. These results highlight how deficits in the ankle plantarflexors muscles may contribute to abnormal walking patterns commonly seen in pathological populations.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study uses physics-based musculoskeletal simulations to predict gait adaptations due to ankle plantarflexor muscle weakness and contracture, but it does not involve exergames or any intervention targeting older people with the aim of preventing falls. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Onishi, T., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Esports for Seniors: Acute Effects of Esports Gaming in the Community on the Emotional State and Heart Rate among Japanese Older Adults.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 19(18).
[Abstract] In the last few years, esports have become popular among older individuals. Although participation in esports can become a novel activity for older adults, evidence on their effects is limited to young individuals. This study investigated the effects of esports participation on the emotional and physiological states of older adults. Twenty-five older men and women participating in health promotion activities in community centers (75 +/- 8 years old) played a two-player racing game (Gran Turismo Sport, Sony) for 8-10 min. Their heart rates (HRs) were measured while the subjects played the games. The blood pressure (BP) and Profile of Mood States (POMS) were measured before and after gaming. The average HR during games (98 +/- 17 bpm) was significantly higher than at pre-gaming (76 +/- 11 bpm, p < 0.001). The BP before and after the games did not significantly change. Interestingly, the vigor scores (positive mood affect) in POMS increased after the games (p < 0.05) in females, but not in males. In summary, among older individuals, playing esports games showed a moderate increase in HR, no spike/drop of BP, and positive mood elevation. Our preliminary data suggest the feasibility of participating in esports in a community for older adults and that it could affect mood positively, especially among older women.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study involves older adults and an electronic game, it focuses on the acute effects of esports gaming on emotional state and heart rate, rather than on fall prevention. Additionally, the study is a preliminary investigation and does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   O'Rourke, D., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    A Computational Efficient Method to Assess the Sensitivity of Finite-Element Models: An Illustration With the Hemipelvis.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICAL ENGINEERING-TRANSACTIONS OF THE ASME 138(12).
[Abstract] Assessing the sensitivity of a finite-element (FE) model to uncertainties in geometric parameters and material properties is a fundamental step in understanding the reliability of model predictions. However, the computational cost of individual simulations and the large number of required models limits comprehensive quantification of model sensitivity. To quickly assess the sensitivity of an FE model, we built linear and Kriging surrogate models of an FE model of the intact hemipelvis. The percentage of the total sum of squares (%TSS) was used to determine the most influential input parameters and their possible interactions on the median, 95th percentile and maximum equivalent strains. We assessed the surrogate models by comparing their predictions to those of a full factorial design of FE simulations. The Kriging surrogate model accurately predicted all output metrics based on a training set of 30 analyses (R-2 = 0.99). There was good agreement between the Kriging surrogate model and the full factorial design in determining the most influential input parameters and interactions. For the median, 95th percentile and maximum equivalent strain, the bone geometry (60%, 52%, and 76%, respectively) was the most influential input parameter. The interactions between bone geometry and cancellous bone modulus (13%) and bone geometry and cortical bone thickness (7%) were also influential terms on the output metrics. This study demonstrates a method with a low time and computational cost to quantify the sensitivity of an FE model. It can be applied to FE models in computational orthopaedic biomechanics in order to understand the reliability of predictions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a computational method to assess the sensitivity of finite-element models, specifically applied to an FE model of the hemipelvis. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ortiz-Mallasen, V., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Can Virtual Reality Help Improve Motor and Cognitive Function in Active Aging in Older Adults? A Scoping Review.
[Journal]  HEALTHCARE 12(3).
[Abstract] Background: Active aging is considered one of the most effective methods for a healthy aging process. There are numerous clinical practice guidelines that address this model and propose multiple strategies for its achievement through the improvement of motor and cognitive function. Virtual reality is emerging as a potential tool, with various modalities focused on promoting good health maintenance in older adults. The objectives of this review were to map the potential benefits of virtual reality for active aging and delve into adaptability and adherence in older individuals. Methods: A scoping review was conducted on studies published between 2013 and 2023 in English, Spanish, or Catalan, examining virtual reality interventions in older adults. The search was performed using the Medline, CINAHL, Scopus, and Web of Science databases. The methodological quality was assessed using CASPe and FLC 3.0 critical appraisal guidelines. The graphical data were reported narratively, grouping results based on the study characteristics and the impact of virtual reality. Results: The review process resulted in the inclusion of 22 articles out of the initial 459 following the application of the selection criteria. Most articles were randomized controlled trials (45.4%; n = 10), systematic reviews (40.9%; n = 9), observational studies (9%; n = 2), and pilot studies (4.5%; n = 1). The information was organized based on the virtual reality modality (immersive, non-immersive, and 360) and application area (motor, cognitive, and mental health). Conclusions: Virtual reality (both immersive and non-immersive) is a valuable tool for promoting physical exercise in older adults, helping to prevent recurrent accidental falls. It also yields positive results for cognitive stimulation in healthy older individuals, improving memory, depression, and mental health in those with cognitive impairment. Virtual reality is generally well-received by older adults, achieving high adherence rates.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a scoping review, and it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Although it discusses the use of virtual reality (which can be considered an exergame) in older adults and mentions its potential to prevent falls, it does not meet the criteria for inclusion because it is a review rather than a study with original data.

[Author]   Osaba, M. Y., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Age-related differences in gait adaptations during overground walking with and without visual perturbations using a virtual reality headset.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 10(1).
[Abstract] Older adults have difficulty adapting to new visual information, posing a challenge to maintain balance during walking. Virtual reality can be used to study gait adaptability in response to discordant sensorimotor stimulations. This study aimed to investigate age-related modifications and propensity for visuomotor adaptations due to continuous visual perturbations during overground walking in a virtual reality headset. Twenty old and twelve young subjects walked on an instrumented walkway in real and virtual environments while reacting to antero-posterior and medio-lateral oscillations of the visual field. Mean and variability of spatiotemporal gait parameters were calculated during the first and fifth minutes of walking. A 3-way mixed-design ANOVA was performed to determine the main and interaction effects of group, condition and time. Both groups modified gait similarly, but older adults walked with shorter and slower strides and did not reduce stride velocity or increase stride width variability during medio-lateral perturbations. This may be related to a more conservative and anticipatory strategy as well as a reduced perception of the optic flow. Over time, participants adapted similarly to the perturbations but only younger participants reduced their stride velocity variability. Results provide novel evidence of age- and context-dependent visuomotor adaptations in response to visual perturbations during overground walking and may help to establish new methods for early identification and remediation of gait deficits.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper investigates age-related differences in gait adaptations during overground walking with and without visual perturbations using a virtual reality headset. While it includes older adults and uses a form of virtual reality, the study is not focused on using exergames to prevent falls. Instead, it examines how older and younger individuals adapt their gait in response to visual perturbations. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Oshiro, C. E. S., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Fall Ascertainment and Development of a Risk Prediction Model Using Electronic Medical Records.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN GERIATRICS SOCIETY 67(7): 1417-1422.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVES To examine the use of electronic medical record (EMR) data to ascertain falls and develop a fall risk prediction model in an older population. DESIGN Retrospective longitudinal study using 10 years of EMR data (2004-2014). A series of 3-year cohorts included members continuously enrolled for a minimum of 3 years, requiring 2 years pre-fall (no previous record of a fall) and a 1-year fall risk period. SETTING Kaiser Permanente Hawaii, an ambulatory setting. PARTICIPANTS A total of 57 678 adults, age 60 years and older. MEASUREMENTS Initial EMR searches were guided by current literature and geriatricians to understand coding sources of falls as our outcome. Falls were captured by two coding sources: International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9) codes (E880-889) and/or a fall listed as a "primary reason for visit." A comprehensive list of EMR predictors of falls were included into prediction models enabling statistical subset selection from many variables and modeling by logistic regression. RESULTS Although 72% of falls in the training data set were coded as "primary reason for visit," 22% of falls were coded as ICD-9 and 6% coded as both. About 80% were reported in face-to-face encounters (eg, emergency department). A total of 2164 individuals had a fall in the risk period. Using the 13 key predictors (age, comorbidities, female sex, other mental disorder, walking issues, Parkinson's disease, urinary incontinence, depression, polypharmacy, psychotropic and anticonvulsant medications, osteoarthritis, osteoporosis) identified through LASSO regression, the final model had a sensitivity of 67%, specificity of 69%, positive predictive value of 8%, negative predictive value of 98%, and area under the curve of .74. CONCLUSION This study demonstrated how the EMR can be used to ascertain falls and develop a fall risk prediction model with moderate sensitivity/specificity. Concurrent work with clinical providers to enhance fall documentation will improve the ability of the EMR to capture falls and consequently may improve the model to predict fall risk.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using electronic medical record (EMR) data to ascertain falls and develop a fall risk prediction model. It does not involve any exergame intervention, nor does it report on randomized controlled trials related to exergames.

[Author]   Osoba, M. Y., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Balance and gait in the elderly: A contemporary review.
[Journal]  LARYNGOSCOPE INVESTIGATIVE OTOLARYNGOLOGY 4(1): 143-153.
[Abstract] Background The prevalence of balance and gait deficits increases with age and is associated with the increased incidence of falls seen in the elderly population; these falls are associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Objectives To review changes in gait and balance associated with aging and the effect of visual perturbations on gait and balance in the elderly to provide a basis for future research. Methods PubMed and Cochrane Library were searched for articles from 1980 to present pertaining to gait and balance in older adults (>60) and younger adults (<60). Search terms included balance, posture, gait, locomotion, gait variability, gait disorders, gait disturbance, elderly, aging, falls, vision, visual, vestibular, and virtual reality. The references section of queried articles was also used to find relevant studies. Studies were excluded if subjects had a diagnosed gait or balance disorder. Results Elderly adults show age-related decline in sensory systems and reduced ability to adapt to changes in their environment to maintain balance. Elderly adults are particularly dependent on vision to maintain postural stability. Distinct changes in spatiotemporal gait parameters are associated with aging, such as slower gait and increased gait variability, which are amplified with exposure to visual perturbations. Increased gait variability, specifically with mediolateral perturbations, poses a particular challenge for elderly adults and is linked to increased falls risk. Virtual reality training has shown promising effects on balance and gait. Conclusion Elderly adults show age-related decline in balance and gait with increased gait variability and an associated increased risk
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a review that discusses the changes in gait and balance associated with aging, including the effects of visual perturbations. While it mentions that virtual reality training has shown promising effects on balance and gait, the paper itself does not describe an original randomized controlled trial using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the intervention being an exergame with reported results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Ostdal, T. B., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    3D monitors improve performance on the HUGO™ RAS system: a randomised trial.
[Journal]  SURGICAL ENDOSCOPY AND OTHER INTERVENTIONAL TECHNIQUES.
[Abstract] Background Robot-assisted surgery is used worldwide, allowing surgeons to perform complex surgeries with increased precision and flexibility. It offers technical benefits compared to traditional laparoscopic surgery due to its utilization of both 3D vision and articulated instruments. The objective was to investigate the isolated effect of 3D- versus 2D monitors when working with articulated instruments in robot-assisted surgery. Methods Surgical novices (medical students, n = 31) were randomized to simulation-based training with either the 3D vision switched on or off. Both groups completed each of the four exercises six times over two sessions on the Medtronic Hugo (TM) RAS system simulator. The outcome was the simulator performance parameters and a visual discomfort questionnaire. Results For the efficiency parameters, we found that both groups improved over time (p < 0.001) and that the intervention group (3D) consistently outperformed the control (2D) group (p < 0.001). On the other hand, we didn't find any significant difference in the error metrics, such as drops (p-values between 0.07 and 0.57) and instrument collisions (p-values between 0.09 and 0.26). Regarding Visual Discomfort, it was significantly more difficult for the 3D group to focus (p = 0.001). Conclusion 3D monitors for an open robotic console improve efficiency and speed compared to 2D monitors in a simulated setting when working with articulated instruments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of 3D monitors versus 2D monitors in a robot-assisted surgery simulation, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are surgical novices (medical students), and the focus is on improving surgical performance, not on preventing falls in older people. Additionally, the study is not related to exergames or any form of exercise or cognitive training aimed at fall prevention.

[Author]   Otero, P., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    A randomized controlled pilot study of a cognitive-behavioral video game intervention for the promotion of active aging.
[Journal]  DIGITAL HEALTH 10.
[Abstract] Background Due to the accessibility barriers of in-person programs for active aging, the development of programs that use innovative technologies is needed. Video games can be an engaging tool for disseminating active aging interventions.Objective The objective of this pilot study was to analyze the feasibility of a cognitive-behavioral intervention to promote active aging administered through a video game.Methods Fifty-five participants (63.6% women, mean age = 53.0 years) were randomly assigned to a cognitive-behavioral intervention to promote active aging administered through an interactive multimedia online video game with a complementary app (CBI-V; n = 29) or to a control group that received nonspecific online information (CG; n = 26).Results Only 3.6% of the participants dropped out of the study (6.9% in CBI-V and 0.0% in CG; without significant differences between groups). The mean number of modules completed was 7.6 (SD = 0.9) out of 8 in the CBI-V and 7.9 (SD = 0.5) in the control group (CG), without significant between-group differences. In the CBI-V, the mean total time dedicated to the game was 516.8 min (SD = 94.3), including 143.2 min (SD = 31.6) of cognitive training tasks, and the mean of completed tasks was 206.2 (SD = 33.7) out of 259. Participants were highly engaged (M = 39.9, SD = 8.6) and satisfied (M = 25.8, SD = 4.5) with the intervention. After the intervention, the CBI-V group significantly improved on SF-36 dimensions of General Health (p = .0386), Vitality (p = .0283), Social Functioning (p = .0130), and Physical Summary Index (p = .0370) compared to the CG, with medium effect sizes (d = 0.56-0.75).Conclusions The results demonstrate the feasibility of the video game intervention to promote active aging and encourage conducting a large-scale randomized controlled trial.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a randomized controlled pilot study that uses a cognitive-behavioral video game intervention to promote active aging. However, the primary focus is on general aspects of active aging, such as health, vitality, social functioning, and physical summary index, rather than specifically on preventing falls in the elderly. The mean age of the participants (53.0 years) also suggests that the study is not specifically targeting older people who are at higher risk of falls. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Oussou, G., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    A New Sensitive Test Using Virtual Reality and Foam to Probe Postural Control in Vestibular Patients: The Unilateral Schwannoma Model.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN NEUROLOGY 13.
[Abstract] Vestibular schwannomas (VS) are benign tumors of the vestibular nerve that may trigger hearing loss, tinnitus, rotatory vertigo, and dizziness in patients. Vestibular and auditory tests can determine the precise degree of impairment of the auditory nerve, and superior and inferior vestibular nerves. However, balance is often poorly quantified in patients with untreated vestibular schwannoma, for whom validated standardized assessments of balance are often lacking. Balance can be quantified with the EquiTest. However, this device was developed a long time ago and is expensive, specific, and not sensitive enough to detect early deficits because it assesses balance principally in the sagittal plane on a firm platform. In this study, we assessed postural performances in a well-defined group of VS patients. We used the Dizziness Handicap Inventory (DHI) and a customized device consisting of a smartphone, a mask delivering a fixed or moving visual scene, and foam rubber. Patients were tested in four successive sessions of 25 s each: eyes open (EO), eyes closed (EC), fixed visual scene (VR0), and visual moving scenes (VR1) delivered by the HTC VIVE mask. Postural oscillations were quantified with sensors from an android smartphone (Galaxy S9) fixed to the back. The results obtained were compared to those obtained with the EquiTest. Vestibulo-ocular deficits were also quantified with the caloric test and vHIT. The function of the utricle and saccule were assessed with ocular and cervical vestibular-evoked myogenic potentials (o-VEMPs and c-VEMPs), respectively. We found that falls and abnormal postural oscillations were frequently detected in the VS patients with the VR/Foam device. We detected no correlation between falls or abnormal postural movements and horizontal canal deficit or age. In conclusion, this new method provides a simpler, quicker, and cheaper method for quantifying balance. It will be very helpful for (1) determining balance deficits in VS patients; (2) optimizing the optimal therapy indications (active follow-up, surgery, or gamma therapy) and follow-up of VS patients before and after treatment; (3) developing new rehabilitation methods based on balance training in extreme conditions with disturbed visual and proprioceptive inputs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on a new method for quantifying balance in patients with vestibular schwannomas using virtual reality and foam. The intervention does not target older people specifically, and it is not an exergame designed to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Pacheco, T. B. F., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of exergames for improving mobility and balance in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  SYSTEMATIC REVIEWS 9(1).
[Abstract] Background: Exergaming is a fun, engaging, and interactive form of exercising that may help overcome some of the traditional exercise barriers and help improve adherence on the part of older adults, providing therapeutic applications for balance recovery and functional mobility. The purpose of this systematic review is to summarize the effects of exergames on mobility and balance in older adults.Methods: The PRISMA guidelines for systematic reviews were followed. The following databases were searched from inception to August 2019: Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, EMBASE, PEDro, CINAHL, and INSPEC. We selected randomized controlled trials that assessed the effects of exergames on balance or mobility of older adults without neurological conditions, in comparison to no intervention or health education. Two review authors independently screened the trials' titles and abstracts and identified trials for inclusion according to the eligibility criteria. An almost perfect agreement between the authors was observed with respect to interrater reliability of trial selection (kappa = 0.84; P < 0.001). We performed descriptive analysis of the quantitative data to summarize the evidence. Meta-analysis was carried out using RevMan. A random effects model was used to compute the pooled prevalence with 95% confidence intervals.Results: After screening 822 records, 12 trials comparing exergames with no intervention were included. A total of 1520 older adults participated in the studies, with a mean age of 76 +/- 6 years for the experimental group and 76 +/- 5 years for the control group. Quantitative synthesis showed significant improvements in balance and mobility based on the center of pressure sway (SMD = - 0.89; 95%CI = - 1.26 to - 0.51; P = 0.0001; I-2 = 58%), Berg Balance Scale (MD = 2.15; 95%CI = 1.77 to 2.56; P = 0.0001; I-2 = 96%), and on Timed Up and Go test (MD = - 2.48; 95%CI = - 3.83 to - 1.12; P = 0.0003; I-2 = 0).Conclusions: Exergames improved balance and mobility in older adults without neurological disorders and motivate patients to keep performing balance exercises. High quality studies with standardized assessment protocols are necessary to improve the strength of the evidence.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which means it does not present original data from a randomized controlled trial. According to the criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Padilla-Castaneda, M. A., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    An Orthopaedic Robotic-Assisted Rehabilitation Method of the Forearm in Virtual Reality Physiotherapy.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF HEALTHCARE ENGINEERING 2018.
[Abstract] The use of robotic rehabilitation in orthopaedics has been briefly explored. Despite its possible advantages, the use of computer-assisted physiotherapy of patients with musculoskeletal injuries has received little attention. In this paper, we detailed the development and evaluation of a robotic-assisted rehabilitation system as a new methodology of assisted physiotherapy in orthopaedics. The proposal consists of an enhanced end-effector haptic interface mounted in a passive mechanism for allowing patients to perform upper-limb exercising and integrates virtual reality games conceived explicitly for assisting the treatment of the forearm after injuries at the wrist or elbow joints. The present methodology represents a new approach to assisted physiotherapy for strength and motion recovery of wrist pronation/supination and elbow flexion-extension movements. We design specific game scenarios enriched by proprioceptive and haptic force feedback in three training modes: passive, active, and assisted exercising. The system allows the therapist to tailor the difficulty level on the observed motion capacity of the patients and the kinesiology measurements provided by the system itself. We evaluated the system through the analysis of the muscular activity of two healthy subjects, showing that the system can assign significant working loads during typical physiotherapy treatment profiles. Subsequently, a group of ten patients undergoing manual orthopaedic rehabilitation of the forearm tested the system, under similar conditions at variable intensities. Patients tolerated changes in difficulty through the tests, and they expressed a favourable opinion of the system through the administered questionnaires, which indicates that the system was well accepted and that the proposed methodology was feasible for the case study for subsequently controlled trials. Finally, a predictive model of the performance score in the form of a linear combination of kinesiology observations was implemented in function of difficult training parameters, as a way of systematically individualising the training during the therapy, for subsequent studies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a robotic-assisted rehabilitation system using virtual reality for the treatment of forearm injuries, focusing on strength and motion recovery. While it does involve a form of virtual reality, the primary target is not specifically older people, and the intervention is not aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the study does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial; instead, it focuses on the development, evaluation, and feasibility of the system.

[Author]   Paic, Z. (2014). 
[Title]    POST-SOCIALISM? A Short History of Disappearance.
[Journal]  ZIVOT UMJETNOSTI(94): 4-15.
[Abstract] The conceptual chaos of the age in which we persist seems to confirm the hypotheses of Paul Virilio on the aesthetics of disappearance. Everything loses its rank, its level and roots in a particular space. Instead of the openness of time, the implosion of information contracts the spatial extensibility to the zero point of oblivion in regard to the past. Therefore it is barely surprising that since 1989 and the fall of the Berlin Wall one can speak, completely justifiably, about the emergence of events without the world, about the transfer of social relations into the networks of the technosphere, and about the acceleration and outdating of what is left of the idea of radical novelty, which is what modernity started with as a laudation of science and technology, of total mobility, creative euphoria, and the experiment of the world in the sign of the "new man". Concepts no longer originate in what we call reality. The absolute construction of the world decides about the conceptual archipelago. The techno-genesis of new, virtual worlds indicates that the uncanny feeling caused by the inflation of prefixes such as post-, neo-, meta-, and trans-affects almost all spheres of life that we seek to appropriate in this new cognitive mapping. If the acceleration of time leaves one breathless because it is, in fact, the acceleration of information, then it is clear that this process, known from the philosophical analyses of Deleuze's ontology of the digital age, must happen with the same play of intensity in that which is left of the society, politics, art, and culture in the broadest sense of the word. Thus, the prefixes post-, neo-, meta-, and trans- are not some sort of fashion in expressing the state of novelty, the transgression of borders, the surpassing of frameworks, or the redirection of ideas with which modernity once started in the fury of progress and ended largely as Walter Benjamin described it in its 9th Thesis on the Philosophy of History. He speaks there about the painting Angelus Novus by Paul Klee as a paradigm of melancholy and decline, since the angel represents the awareness of the looming catastrophe and the melancholy of what has gone with the winds of time.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper "POST-SOCIALISM? A Short History of Disappearance" does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The abstract discusses philosophical and sociological concepts related to post-socialism, the aesthetics of disappearance, and the impact of technological acceleration on society. There is no mention of older people, exergames, or any intervention aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Paik, B., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of simulation models and digital alternatives in training ophthalmoscopy: A systematic review.
[Journal]  MEDICAL TEACHER.
[Abstract] PurposeTraditional direct ophthalmoscopy (TDO) is the oldest method of fundus examination; however, it has fallen out of use due to its technical difficulty and limitations to clinical utility, amidst the advent of potentially better options. A spectrum of new technologies may help in addressing the shortcomings of TDO: simulation mannequins with non-tracked TDO, simulation models with tracked TDO, and smartphone ophthalmoscopy (SFO).MethodologyA systematic search of PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane databases for all studies evaluating usage of simulation mannequins/models and SFO in ophthalmology education was performed, from inception till April 2023 with no language restriction. We ensured that we included all possible relevant articles by performing backward reference searching of included articles and published review articles.ResultsWe reviewed studies on non-tracked TDO (n = 5), tracked TDO (n = 3) and SFO (n = 12). Non-tracked TDO and SFO were superior in training competency relative to control (TDO on real eyes). Intriguingly, tracked TDO was non superior to controls. SFO appears to enhance the learning effectiveness of ophthalmoscopy, due to real-time projection of the retina view, permitting instantaneous and targeted feedback. Learners reported improved ergonomics, including a wider field of view and more comfortable viewing distance. Retention of images and recordings permitted the audit of learning and paves the way for storage of such images in patients' electronic medical record and rapid dissemination for specialist referral.ConclusionsSmartphone ophthalmoscopy (SFO) permits integration of both the practice and learning of ophthalmoscopy, and the auditing of both. These advantages over traditional methods (with simulation or otherwise) may lead to a paradigm shift in undergraduate ophthalmology education. However, the nascency of SFO necessitates preservation of traditional techniques to tide through this period of transition.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that focuses on the effectiveness of simulation models and digital alternatives, such as smartphone ophthalmoscopy, in training for ophthalmoscopy. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Paik, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Deep learning application of vertebral compression fracture detection using mask R-CNN.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 14(1).
[Abstract] Vertebral compression fractures (VCFs) of the thoracolumbar spine are commonly caused by osteoporosis or result from traumatic events. Early diagnosis of vertebral compression fractures can prevent further damage to patients. When assessing these fractures, plain radiographs are used as the primary diagnostic modality. In this study, we developed a deep learning based fracture detection model that could be used as a tool for primary care in the orthopedic department. We constructed a VCF dataset using 487 lateral radiographs, which included 598 fractures in the L1-T11 vertebra. For detecting VCFs, Mask R-CNN model was trained and optimized, and was compared to three other popular models on instance segmentation, Cascade Mask R-CNN, YOLOACT, and YOLOv5. With Mask R-CNN we achieved highest mean average precision score of 0.58, and were able to locate each fracture pixel-wise. In addition, the model showed high overall sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy, indicating that it detected fractures accurately and without misdiagnosis. Our model can be a potential tool for detecting VCFs from a simple radiograph and assisting doctors in making appropriate decisions in initial diagnosis.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the application of deep learning, specifically using a Mask R-CNN model, for the detection of vertebral compression fractures. It does not mention any intervention targeting older people, nor does it involve exergames or any form of physical activity. The study focuses on developing and evaluating a diagnostic tool, which is unrelated to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Pal, A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Deep Learning-Based Subsurface Damage Localization Using Full-Field Surface Strains.
[Journal]  SENSORS 23(17).
[Abstract] Structures in their service life are often damaged as a result of aging or extreme events such as earthquakes or storms. It is essential to detect damage in a timely fashion to ensure the safe operation of the structure. If left unchecked, subsurface damage (SSD) can cause significant internal damage and may result in premature structural failure. In this study, a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) has been developed for SSD detection using surface strain measurements. The adopted network architecture is capable of pixel-level image segmentation, that is, it classifies each location of strain measurement as damaged or undamaged. The CNN which is fed full-field strain measurements as an input image of size 256 x 256 projects the SSD onto an output image of the same size. The data for network training is generated by numerical simulation of aluminum bars with different damage scenarios, including single damage and double damage cases at a random location, direction, length, and thickness. The trained network achieves an Intersection over Union (IoU) score of 0.790 for the validation set and 0.794 for the testing set. To check the applicability of the trained network on materials other than aluminum, testing is performed on a numerically generated steel dataset. The IoU score is 0.793, the same as the aluminum dataset, affirming the network's capability to apply to materials exhibiting a similar stress-strain relationship. To check the generalization potential of the network, it is tested on triple damage cases; the IoU score is found to be 0.764, suggesting that the network works well for unseen damage patterns as well. The network was also found to provide accurate predictions for real experimental data obtained from Strain Sensing Smart Skin (S4). This proves the efficacy of the network to work in real-life scenarios utilizing the full potential of the novel full-field strain sensing methods such as S4. The performance of the proposed network affirms that it can be used as a non-destructive testing method for subsurface crack detection and localization.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for detecting and localizing subsurface damage in structures using surface strain measurements. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Palmisano, C., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    A Fully-Immersive Virtual Reality Setup to Study Gait Modulation.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN HUMAN NEUROSCIENCE 16.
[Abstract] Objective: Gait adaptation to environmental challenges is fundamental for independent and safe community ambulation. The possibility of precisely studying gait modulation using standardized protocols of gait analysis closely resembling everyday life scenarios is still an unmet need.Methods: We have developed a fully-immersive virtual reality (VR) environment where subjects have to adjust their walking pattern to avoid collision with a virtual agent (VA) crossing their gait trajectory. We collected kinematic data of 12 healthy young subjects walking in real world (RW) and in the VR environment, both with (VR/A+) and without (VR/A-) the VA perturbation. The VR environment closely resembled the RW scenario of the gait laboratory. To ensure standardization of the obstacle presentation the starting time speed and trajectory of the VA were defined using the kinematics of the participant as detected online during each walking trial. Results: We did not observe kinematic differences between walking in RW and VR/A-, suggesting that our VR environment per se might not induce significant changes in the locomotor pattern. When facing the VA all subjects consistently reduced stride length and velocity while increasing stride duration. Trunk inclination and mediolateral trajectory deviation also facilitated avoidance of the obstacle. Conclusions: This proof-of-concept study shows that our VR/A+ paradigm effectively induced a timely gait modulation in a standardized immersive and realistic scenario. This protocol could be a powerful research tool to study gait modulation and its derangements in relation to aging and clinical conditions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a fully-immersive virtual reality setup to study gait modulation, but it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets young, healthy subjects, and the study is a proof-of-concept without randomized controlled trials. Additionally, the focus is on developing and testing the VR setup rather than using it as an exergame to prevent falls in older people.

[Author]   Palumbo, P., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Fall Risk Assessment Tools for Elderly Living in the Community: Can We Do Better?
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 10(12).
[Abstract] BackgroundFalls are a common, serious threat to the health and self-confidence of the elderly. Assessment of fall risk is an important aspect of effective fall prevention programs.Objectives and methodsIn order to test whether it is possible to outperform current prognostic tools for falls, we analyzed 1010 variables pertaining to mobility collected from 976 elderly subjects (InCHIANTI study). We trained and validated a data-driven model that issues probabilistic predictions about future falls. We benchmarked the model against other fall risk indicators: history of falls, gait speed, Short Physical Performance Battery (Guralnik et al. 1994), and the literature- based fall risk assessment tool FRAT-up (Cattelani et al. 2015). Parsimony in the number of variables included in a tool is often considered a proxy for ease of administration. We studied how constraints on the number of variables affect predictive accuracy.ResultsThe proposed model and FRAT-up both attained the same discriminative ability; the area under the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) for multiple falls was 0.71. They outperformed the other risk scores, which reported AUCs for multiple falls between 0.64 and 0.65. Thus, it appears that both data-driven and literature-based approaches are better at estimating fall risk than commonly used fall risk indicators. The accuracy-parsimony analysis revealed that tools with a small number of predictors (similar to 1-5) were suboptimal. Increasing the number of variables improved the predictive accuracy, reaching a plateau at similar to 20-30, which we can consider as the best trade-off between accuracy and parsimony. Obtaining the values of these similar to 20-30 variables does not compromise usability, since they are usually available in comprehensive geriatric assessments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the development and evaluation of a data-driven model for assessing fall risk in the elderly, comparing it with other existing fall risk assessment tools. It does not involve an exergame intervention or any form of randomized controlled trial related to exergames. The study is centered on improving the accuracy of fall risk assessment, rather than using exergames as a preventive measure.

[Author]   Pan, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    The Current Status and Trends of Research Related to Vestibular Disorders, Vertigo, and Cognitive Impairment in the Elderly Population: A Bibliometric Analysis.
[Journal]  ENT-EAR NOSE & THROAT JOURNAL.
[Abstract] Background: The vestibular system not only supports reflex function at the brainstem level, but is also associated with higher levels of cognitive function. Vertigo due to vestibular disorders may lead to or be associated with cognitive dysfunction. Patients with deficits of both vestibular as well as cognitive function may be at particularly high risk for events like falls or certain diseases, such as Alzheimer's. Objective: To analyze the current state of research and trends in the global research literature regarding the correlation between vestibular disorders, vertigo, and cognitive impairment. Methods: We utilized Bibliometrix package to search databases including PubMed, Web of Science, etc for search terms. Results: Databases were searched up to December 15, 2022, and a total of 2222 publications were retrieved. Ultimately, 53 studies were included. A total of 261 authors published in 38 journals and conferences with an overall increasing annual growth rate of 6.94%. The most-published journal was Frontiers in Neurology. The most-published country was the United States, followed by Italy and Brazil. The most-published institution was Johns Hopkins University with a total of 13 articles. On performing trend analysis, we found that the most frequent focus of research in this field include the testing of vestibular perception, activation of the brain-related cortex, and the influence of stimulus-triggered vestibular snail reflex on visual space. The potential focal points are the risk of falling and the ability to extract spatial memory information, and the focus of research in recent decades has revolved around balance, falling, and Alzheimer's disease. Conclusions: Vestibular impairment in older adults affects cognitive function, particularly immediate memory, visuospatial cognition, and attention, with spatial cognition being the most significantly affected. In the future, virtual reality-based vestibular rehabilitation techniques and caloric stimulation could be potential interventions for the treatment of cognitive impairment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a bibliometric analysis that focuses on the current state and trends of research related to vestibular disorders, vertigo, and cognitive impairment in the elderly. It does not describe an intervention using exergames, nor does it report the results of a randomized controlled trial. The paper primarily discusses the correlation between vestibular disorders, vertigo, and cognitive impairment, and suggests potential future interventions, but it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Paramita, P., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    User satisfaction with train fares: A comparative analysis in five Australian cities.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 13(6).
[Abstract] In the public transport industry, travellers' perceived satisfaction is a key element in understanding their evaluation of, and loyalty to ridership. Despite its notable importance, studies of customer satisfaction are under-represented in the literature, and most previous studies are based on survey data collected from a single city only. This does not allow a comparison across different transport systems. To address this underrepresentation, this paper reports on a study of train passengers' satisfaction with the fare paid for their most recent home-based train trip in five Australian capital cities: Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide, and Perth. Two data sources are used: a nation-wide survey, and objective information on the train fare structure in each of the targeted cities. In particular, satisfaction with train fares is modelled as a function of socio-economic factors and train trip characteristics, using a random parameters ordered Logit model that accounts for unobserved heterogeneity in the population. Results indicate that gender, city of origin, transport mode from home to the train station, eligibility for either student or senior concession fare, one-way cost, and waiting time as well as five diverse interaction variables between city of origin and socio-economic factors are the key determinants of passenger satisfaction with train fares. In particular, this study reveals that female respondents tend to be less satisfied with their train fare than their male counterparts. Interestingly, respondents who take the bus to the train station tend to feel more satisfied with their fare compared with the rest of the respondents. In addition, notable heterogeneity is detected across respondents' perceived satisfaction with train fare, specifically with regard to the one-way cost and the waiting time incurred. An intercity comparison reveals that a city's train fare structure also affects a traveller's perceived satisfaction with their train fare. The findings of this research are significant for both policy makers and transport operators, allowing them to understand traveller behaviours, and to subsequently formulate effective transit policies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about user satisfaction with train fares in five Australian cities and does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Pardalis, A. A., et al. (2021).
[Title]    Exploring the Acceptability and Feasibility of Providing a Balance Tele-Rehabilitation Programme to Older Adults at Risk for Falls: An Initial Assessment
[Journal]  2021 43RD ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE OF THE IEEE ENGINEERING IN MEDICINE & BIOLOGY SOCIETY (EMBC): 6915-6919.
[Abstract] Falls are a major health concern. The HOLOBALANCE tele-rehabilitation system was developed to deliver an evidence based, multi-sensory balance rehabilitation programme, to the elderly at risk of falls. The system delivers a series of balance physiotherapy exercises and cognitive and auditory training tasks prescribed by an expert balance physiotherapist following an initial balance assessment. The HOLOBALANCE system uses augmented reality (AR) to deliver exercises and games, and records task performance via a combination of body worn sensors and a depth camera. The HOLOBALANCE tele-rehabilitation system provides feedback to the supervising clinical team regarding task performance, participant usage and user feedback. Herewith we present the findings from the first 25 study participants regarding the feasibility and acceptability of the proposed system. The results of the clinical study indicate that the system is acceptable by the end users and also feasible for using in hospital and home environments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the acceptability and feasibility of a tele-rehabilitation program that uses augmented reality (AR) to deliver balance exercises and cognitive and auditory training tasks to older adults at risk for falls. However, it does not specifically mention exergames as the primary intervention. The focus is on the feasibility and acceptability of the system rather than reporting the results of a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Pardoel, S., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Grouping successive freezing of gait episodes has neutral to detrimental effect on freeze detection and prediction in Parkinson's disease.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 16(10).
[Abstract] Freezing of gait (FOG) is an intermittent walking disturbance experienced by people with Parkinson's disease (PD). Wearable FOG identification systems can improve gait and reduce the risk of falling due to FOG by detecting FOG in real-time and providing a cue to reduce freeze duration. However, FOG prediction and prevention is desirable. Datasets used to train machine learning models often generate ground truth FOG labels based on visual observation of specific lower limb movements (event-based definition) or an overall inability to walk effectively (period of gait disruption based definition). FOG definition ambiguity may affect model performance, especially with respect to multiple FOG in rapid succession. This research examined whether merging multiple freezes that occurred in rapid succession could improve FOG detection and prediction model performance. Plantar pressure and lower limb acceleration data were used to extract a feature set and train decision tree ensembles. FOG was labeled using an event-based definition. Additional datasets were then produced by merging FOG that occurred in rapid succession. A merging threshold was introduced where FOG that were separated by less than the merging threshold were merged into one episode. FOG detection and prediction models were trained for merging thresholds of 0, 1, 2, and 3 s. Merging slightly improved FOG detection model performance; however, for the prediction model, merging resulted in slightly later FOG identification and lower precision. FOG prediction models may benefit from using eventbased FOG definitions and avoiding merging multiple FOG in rapid succession.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the detection and prediction of freezing of gait (FOG) in people with Parkinson's disease using wearable technology and machine learning. It does not involve exergames as an intervention, nor does it specifically target fall prevention through exergames. The study is more about improving the performance of FOG detection and prediction models.

[Author]   Park, J.-H., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of non-immersive virtual reality exercises for balance and gait improvement in older adults: A meta-analysis.
[Journal]  TECHNOLOGY AND HEALTH CARE 32(3): 1223-1238.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Virtual reality (VR)-based physical exercise is an innovative and effective intervention strategy for healthcare in older adults.OBJECTIVE: This meta-analysis aimed to clarify the effects of VR-based balance exercise programs on various balancing abilities of older adults. In addition, the effect size of each variable was computed by total exercise time, sensor type, avatar presence, and feedback type to determine influencing factors that lead to the success of VR-based rehabilitation programs.METHODS: The databases searched were PubMed/Medline, CINAHL, NDSL, and Google Scholar. Inclusion criteria were: (1) independent older adults; (2) non-immersive VR exercise; (3) randomized controlled design; (4) both balance and gait data; and (5) written in English and Korean. The studies without information to compute effect sizes were excluded. Standardized mean difference was used to analyze the effect size (d).RESULTS: Twenty-five studies were finally included in this study. The main findings of this meta-analysis were as follows: (1) Non-immersive VR-based balance exercises are moderately and largely effective for improving overall balance function, (2) VR balance exercise was more effective for static balance than for gait, (3) VR exercise is more effective when avatars are presented and KP is provided as feedback.CONCLUSION: Total exercise time and mode of feedback are influencing factors that affect the effectiveness of VR-based balance exercises.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it should not be related to meta-analysis, review, or feasibility analysis without original data.

[Author]   Park, J. Y., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Machine learning model based on radiomics features for AO/OTA classification of pelvic fractures on pelvic radiographs.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 19(5).
[Abstract] Depending on the degree of fracture, pelvic fracture can be accompanied by vascular damage, and in severe cases, it may progress to hemorrhagic shock. Pelvic radiography can quickly diagnose pelvic fractures, and the Association for Osteosynthesis Foundation and Orthopedic Trauma Association (AO/OTA) classification system is useful for evaluating pelvic fracture instability. This study aimed to develop a radiomics-based machine-learning algorithm to quickly diagnose fractures on pelvic X-ray and classify their instability. data used were pelvic anteroposterior radiographs of 990 adults over 18 years of age diagnosed with pelvic fractures, and 200 normal subjects. A total of 93 features were extracted based on radiomics:18 first-order, 24 GLCM, 16 GLRLM, 16 GLSZM, 5 NGTDM, and 14 GLDM features. To improve the performance of machine learning, the feature selection methods RFE, SFS, LASSO, and Ridge were used, and the machine learning models used LR, SVM, RF, XGB, MLP, KNN, and LGBM. Performance measurement was evaluated by area under the curve (AUC) by analyzing the receiver operating characteristic curve. The machine learning model was trained based on the selected features using four feature-selection methods. When the RFE feature selection method was used, the average AUC was higher than that of the other methods. Among them, the combination with the machine learning model SVM showed the best performance, with an average AUC of 0.75 +/- 0.06. By obtaining a feature-importance graph for the combination of RFE and SVM, it is possible to identify features with high importance. The AO/OTA classification of normal pelvic rings and pelvic fractures on pelvic AP radiographs using a radiomics-based machine learning model showed the highest AUC when using the SVM classification combination. Further research on the radiomic features of each part of the pelvic bone constituting the pelvic ring is needed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a machine learning model to classify pelvic fractures using radiomics features. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Park, K., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Assessing gait changes in firefighters after firefighting activities and while carrying asymmetric loads.
[Journal]  APPLIED ERGONOMICS 70: 44-50.
[Abstract] One of the most common causes of injuries among firefighters is slips, trips, and falls on the fireground. Acute fatigue from firefighting activities and/or carrying asymmetric loads might impact gait characteristics increasing slip, trip, and fall risk. The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of fatigue from simulated firefighting activities and carrying asymmetric loads (fire hose over one shoulder) on firefighters' gait behavior. Both firefighting activities and asymmetric hoseload carriage led to shorter step lengths, stride lengths, single leg support time, and longer double leg support time, suggesting firefighters adopted cautious gait strategies. Simulated firefighting activities performed in either a live-fire training tower or laboratory-based environmental chamber using a firefighting activity simulator resulted in nearly identical effects on gait kinematics. This result suggests that gait assessment in a laboratory-based environmental chamber can be used as effective simulations in place of specialized burn facilities.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on assessing gait changes in firefighters after firefighting activities and while carrying asymmetric loads, which does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people or using exergames.

[Author]   Park, T., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Automated segmentation of the fractured vertebrae on CT and its applicability in a radiomics model to predict fracture malignancy.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 12(1).
[Abstract] Although CT radiomics has shown promising results in the evaluation of vertebral fractures, the need for manual segmentation of fractured vertebrae limited the routine clinical implementation of radiomics. Therefore, automated segmentation of fractured vertebrae is needed for successful clinical use of radiomics. In this study, we aimed to develop and validate an automated algorithm for segmentation of fractured vertebral bodies on CT, and to evaluate the applicability of the algorithm in a radiomics prediction model to differentiate benign and malignant fractures. A convolutional neural network was trained to perform automated segmentation of fractured vertebral bodies using 341 vertebrae with benign or malignant fractures from 158 patients, and was validated on independent test sets (internal test, 86 vertebrae [59 patients]; external test, 102 vertebrae [59 patients]). Then, a radiomics model predicting fracture malignancy on CT was constructed, and the prediction performance was compared between automated and human expert segmentations. The algorithm achieved good agreement with human expert segmentation at testing (Dice similarity coefficient, 0.93-0.94; cross-sectional area error, 2.66-2.97%; average surface distance, 0.40-0.54 mm). The radiomics model demonstrated good performance in the training set (AUC, 0.93). In the test sets, automated and human expert segmentations showed comparable prediction performances (AUC, internal test, 0.80 vs 0.87, p = 0.044; external test, 0.83 vs 0.80, p = 0.37). In summary, we developed and validated an automated segmentation algorithm that showed comparable performance to human expert segmentation in a CT radiomics model to predict fracture malignancy, which may enable more practical clinical utilization of radiomics.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and validation of an automated segmentation algorithm for fractured vertebrae on CT scans and its application in a radiomics model to predict fracture malignancy. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Park, T. H. (2023). 
[Title]    Perfecting the Outcome of Nasal Bone Fracture in the Pediatric Population With a Navigation System.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF CRANIOFACIAL SURGERY 34(8): 2445-2449.
[Abstract] Background:The trend of using navigation systems for treating facial bone fractures is increasing. Nevertheless, any detailed recommendation on using a navigation system to treat nasal bone fracture has never been discussed. Plastic surgeons are prone to do closed reduction of nasal bone fractures with remnant posttraumatic edema in the pediatric population. This study hypothesized that the navigation system benefits this population's treatment of nasal bone fractures.Methods:The authors evaluated the medical records, plain x-ray, and facial computed tomography scans of 44 pediatric patients (below the age of 18) with nasal bone fractures treated with a closed reduction from May 2021 to December 2022. Preoperative and postoperative computed tomography scan were used to assess the outcome.Results:The average age for 44 pediatric nasal bone fracture patients was 10. Fifteen were female, while males were 29. All cases were successfully corrected clinically and radiologically without noticeable complications.Conclusions:Using navigation systems to correct nasal bone fractures provides additional benefits for the pediatric population. This technique is especially useful if the fracture is located at the junction between the nasal bone and nasal process of the maxilla and is combined with concurrent old nasal bone fractures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a navigation system to treat nasal bone fractures in the pediatric population. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Parker, M., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Interactive gaming consoles reduced pain during acute minor burn rehabilitation: A randomized, pilot trial.
[Journal]  BURNS 42(1): 91-96.
[Abstract] Introduction: Interactive gaming consoles (IGCs) have been used successfully in rehabilitation settings as an adjunct to conventional exercise for restoring or maintaining active function and augmenting pharmacological analgesia.Aim: The objective of this pilot study was to assess if adjunctive use of the Nintendo Wii IGC was of benefit to acute burn patients.Method: This was a randomized, controlled trial. The intervention group received routine rehabilitation in addition to up to 5 days of twice daily, 20-30 min of exercise using the Nintendo Wii IGC. The control group received routine rehabilitation exercise therapy.Results: A total of 22 subjects were recruited and randomized by location of burn to intervention and control groups. Pain scores were significantly improved in the intervention group (r(2) = 1.18; 95% CI -0.584 to -0.298, p = 0.019) as indicated by a 17% greater drop in the pre-post-study pain compared to controls. Fear avoidance and ROM measurements were not statistically different between the groups.Conclusion: The Nintendo Wii IGC was associated with a greater reduction in pain, particularly in those with higher levels of pain at baseline. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd and ISBI. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using interactive gaming consoles (specifically the Nintendo Wii) to reduce pain during acute minor burn rehabilitation. While it does involve an exergame and a randomized controlled trial, the target population is not older people, and the focus is on pain reduction in burn patients rather than fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Parnandi, A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Data-Driven Quantitation of Movement Abnormality after Stroke.
[Journal]  BIOENGINEERING-BASEL 10(6).
[Abstract] Stroke commonly affects the ability of the upper extremities (UEs) to move normally. In clinical settings, identifying and measuring movement abnormality is challenging due to the imprecision and impracticality of available assessments. These challenges interfere with therapeutic tracking, communication, and treatment. We thus sought to develop an approach that blends precision and pragmatism, combining high-dimensional motion capture with out-of-distribution (OOD) detection. We used an array of wearable inertial measurement units to capture upper body motion in healthy and chronic stroke subjects performing a semi-structured, unconstrained 3D tabletop task. After data were labeled by human coders, we trained two deep learning models exclusively on healthy subject data to classify elemental movements (functional primitives). We tested these healthy subject-trained models on previously unseen healthy and stroke motion data. We found that model confidence, indexed by prediction probabilities, was generally high for healthy test data but significantly dropped when encountering OOD stroke data. Prediction probabilities worsened with more severe motor impairment categories and were directly correlated with individual impairment scores. Data inputs from the paretic UE, rather than trunk, most strongly influenced model confidence. We demonstrate for the first time that using OOD detection with high-dimensional motion data can reveal clinically meaningful movement abnormality in subjects with chronic stroke.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on developing a data-driven method to quantify movement abnormalities in stroke patients using wearable sensors and deep learning models. It does not mention exergames, fall prevention, or target older people specifically for fall prevention.

[Author]   Pastakia, S. D., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Impact of Bridging Income Generation with Group Integrated Care (BIGPIC) on Hypertension and Diabetes in Rural Western Kenya.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF GENERAL INTERNAL MEDICINE 32(5): 540-548.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Rural settings in Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) consistently report low participation in non-communicable disease (NCD) treatment programs and poor outcomes.The objective of this study is to assess the impact of the implementation of a patient-centered rural NCD care delivery model called Bridging Income Generation through grouP Integrated Care (BIGPIC).The study prospectively tracked participation and health outcomes for participants in a screening event and compared linkage frequencies to a historical comparison group.Rural Kenyan participants attending a voluntary NCD screening event were included within the BIGPIC model of care.The BIGPIC model utilizes a contextualized care delivery model designed to address the unique barriers faced in rural settings. This model emphasizes the following steps: (1) find patients in the community, (2) link to peer/microfinance groups, (3) integrate education, (4) treat in the community, (5) enhance economic sustainability and (6) generate demand for care through incentives.The primary outcome is the linkage frequency, which measures the percentage of patients who return for care after screening positive for either hypertension and/or diabetes. Secondary measures include retention frequencies defined as the percentage of patients remaining engaged in care throughout the 9-month follow-up period and changes in systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) and blood sugar over 12 months.Of the 879 individuals who were screened, 14.2 % were confirmed to have hypertension, while only 1.4 % were confirmed to have diabetes. The implementation of a comprehensive microfinance-linked, community-based, group care model resulted in 72.4 % of screen-positive participants returning for subsequent care, of which 70.3 % remained in care through the 12 months of the evaluation period. Patients remaining in care demonstrated a statistically significant mean decline of 21 mmHg in SBP [95 % CI (13.9 to 28.4), P < 0.01] and 5 mmHg drop in DBP [95 % CI (1.4 to 7.6), P < 0.01].The implementation of a contextualized care delivery model built around the unique needs of rural SSA participants led to statistically significant improvements in linkage to care and blood pressure reduction.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on a care delivery model (BIGPIC) for non-communicable diseases, specifically hypertension and diabetes, in rural Western Kenya. It does not mention any exergames or interventions related to fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Patashov, D., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Methods for Gait Analysis During Obstacle Avoidance Task.
[Journal]  ANNALS OF BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING 48(2): 634-643.
[Abstract] In this study, we present algorithms developed for gait analysis, but suitable for many other signal processing tasks. A novel general-purpose algorithm for extremum estimation of quasi-periodic noisy signals is proposed. This algorithm is both flexible and robust, and allows custom adjustments to detect a predetermined wave pattern while being immune to signal noise and variability. A method for signal segmentation was also developed for analyzing kinematic data recorded while performing on obstacle avoidance task. The segmentation allows detecting preparation and recovery phases related to obstacle avoidance. A simple kernel-based clustering method was used for classification of unsupervised data containing features of steps within the walking trial and discriminating abnormal from regular steps. Moreover, a novel algorithm for missing data approximation and adaptive signal filtering is also presented. This algorithm allows restoring faulty data with high accuracy based on the surrounding information. In addition, a predictive machine learning technique is proposed for supervised multiclass labeling with non-standard label structure.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract describes the development and application of algorithms for gait analysis, particularly during an obstacle avoidance task. It does not mention any intervention using exergames, nor does it target older people specifically. Additionally, there is no indication that this study involves a randomized controlled trial or reports results related to fall prevention in the elderly. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Pavarotti, G. S. and R. J. Boudrieau (2018). 
[Title]    Treatment of a Paediatric Distal Femoral Malunion Deformity.
[Journal]  VETERINARY AND COMPARATIVE ORTHOPAEDICS AND TRAUMATOLOGY 31(3): 222-228.
[Abstract] Objective The aim of this article was to describe the surgical re-alignment technique and stabilization of a distal femoral deformity in a 6-week-old, male, Foxhound. Methods A healing metaphyseal fracture, resulting in a valgus deformity with internal rotation, was observed just proximal to the distal femoral physis. The deformity was treated by an opening wedge osteotomy with lateral translation and external rotation of the distal epiphysis using a guide-wire technique; a corticocancellous allograft bridged the defect, which was stabilized with a 2.0-mm locking Y-plate designed for human phalangeal fractures. Results Successful deformity correction was obtained with subsequent healing of the osteotomy and maintained longitudinal bone growth. Sciatic neurapraxia developed as a result of a migrating adjunct pin (9 days post-operatively), which was removed. At long-term follow-up (4 years), a 12% shortening of the femur did result in addition to an asymptomatic grade 2 medial patellar luxation (MPL). The cause of the MPL was not evident; the owners declined treatment and the dog continued to function as an active hunting dog. Clinical Significance Prior to ossification of the epiphyses in very young animals, which precludes effective radiographic pre-planning, the guide-wire technique can be utilized as the primary tool for performing angular deformity correction. Adequate fixation and stabilization can be obtained with small human specialty locking plates.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the surgical treatment of a distal femoral deformity in a young dog, and it does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Pedersen, P., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Virtual-reality simulation to assess performance in hip fracture surgery.
[Journal]  ACTA ORTHOPAEDICA 85(4): 403-407.
[Abstract] Background and purpose Internal fixation of hip fractures is a common and important procedure that orthopedic surgeons must master early in their career. Virtual-reality training could improve initial skills, and a simulation-based test would make it possible to ensure basic competency of junior surgeons before they proceed to supervised practice on patients. The aim of this study was to develop a reliable and valid test with credible pass/fail standards.Methods 20 physicians (10 untrained novices and 10 experienced orthopedic surgeons) each performed 3 internal fixation procedures of an undisplaced femoral neck fracture: 2 hook-pins, 2 screws, and a sliding hip screw. All procedures were preformed on a trauma simulator. Performance scores for each procedure were obtained from the predefined metrics of the simulator. The inter-case reliability of the simulator metrics was explored by calculation of intra-class correlation coefficient. Validity was explored by comparison between novices' and experts' scores using independent-samples t-test. A pass/fail standard was set by the contrasting-groups method and the consequences were explored.Results The percentage of maximum combined score (PM score) showed an inter-case reliability of 0.83 (95% CI: 0.65-0.93) between the 3 procedures. The mean PM score was 30% (CI: 7-53) for the novices and 76% (CI: 68-83) for the experienced surgeons. The pass/fail standard was set at 58%, resulting in none of the novices passing the test and a single experienced surgeon failing the test.Interpretation The simulation-based test was reliable and valid in our setting, and the pass/fail standard could discriminate between novices and experienced surgeons. Potentially, training and testing of future junior surgeons on a virtual-reality simulator could ensure basic competency before proceeding to supervised practice on patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a virtual-reality simulation to assess and train orthopedic surgeons in hip fracture surgery. It does not target older people, nor is it focused on preventing falls in the elderly. The study involves a randomized comparison between novices and experienced surgeons, but it is not an exergame intervention for fall prevention. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Pedroli, E., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    An Immersive Motor Protocol for Frailty Rehabilitation.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN NEUROLOGY 10.
[Abstract] Frailty is a pre-clinical condition that worsens physical health and quality of life. One of the most frequent symptoms of frailty is an increased risk of falling. In order to reduce this risk, we propose an innovative virtual reality motor rehabilitation program based on an immersive tool. All exercises will take place in the CAVE, a four-screen room with a stationary bike. The protocol will include two types of exercises for the improvement of balance: "Positive Bike" and "Avoid the Rocks." We will choose evaluation scales related to the functional aspects and subjective perception of balance. Our aim is to prove that our innovative motor rehabilitation protocol is as effective as or more effective than classical rehabilitation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract describes a motor rehabilitation program using virtual reality for frailty, which includes an increased risk of falling. However, the study does not explicitly state that it is a randomized controlled trial (RCT). Additionally, while the intervention involves virtual reality, the focus is on a broader motor rehabilitation protocol rather than specifically on exergames. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper does not meet all the requirements to be classified as being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Pedroli, E., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    A New Application for the Motor Rehabilitation at Home: Structure and Usability of Bal-App.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON EMERGING TOPICS IN COMPUTING 9(3): 1290-1300.
[Abstract] The aim of this paper is to present an innovative tablet-based application with 360 degrees videos for the motor rehabilitation of frail elderly, Bal-App. This app was developed for iPad and exploits the potentiality of 360 degrees videos to improve balance in frail patients through several exercises with an increasing level of difficulty. The app includes 10 sessions to be played 3 times a week for 3 weeks. The results of the usability study are very encouraging, and patients are very interested in trying this app at home like a guide for the motor rehabilitation. Only few non-substantial adjustments before the clinical trial are planned.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the development and usability of a tablet-based application (Bal-App) that uses 360-degree videos for motor rehabilitation in frail elderly. However, it does not meet all the criteria specified:. 1. The intervention targets older people (frail elderly), which meets the first criterion.
2. The intervention is an application with 360-degree videos, but it is not explicitly described as an exergame. Exergames typically involve more interactive and game-like elements, such as virtual reality or video games, which are not clearly mentioned here.
3. The paper reports the results of a usability study, but it does not include the results of a randomized controlled trial. It mentions that only a few adjustments are planned before a clinical trial, indicating that the RCT has not yet been conducted.. Therefore, the paper does not fully meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Pedroli, E., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Characteristics, Usability, and Users Experience of a System Combining Cognitive and Physical Therapy in a Virtual Environment: Positive Bike.
[Journal]  SENSORS 18(7).
[Abstract] We present the architecture and usability evaluation of virtual reality system-"Positive Bike"-designed for improving cognitive and motor conditions in frail elderly patients. The system consists of a cycle-ergometer integrated in an immersive virtual reality system (CAVE) which allows combining motor and cognitive exercises according to a "dual-task" paradigm. We tested the usability and user's experience of the prototype in a pilot evaluation study that involved five elderly patients. The prototype was tested in one-session training to understand the limitations and areas for improvement of our system. The evaluation consisted in (i) usability assessment using the system usability scale; (ii) evaluation of user's engagement using the flow state scale; and (iii) expert evaluation involving interviews with domain experts. Results showed a good usability, both for system usability scale and the semi-structured interview. The level of flow (i.e., enjoyment with the task at hand) measured using the short flow state scale, was also high. Analysis of semi-structured interview carried out with domain experts provided further indications to improve the system. Overall, these findings show that, despite some limitations, the system is usable and provides an enjoyable user's experience.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a system ("Positive Bike") that combines cognitive and motor exercises for frail elderly patients using a cycle-ergometer integrated into a virtual reality system. However, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly because:. 1. The intervention targets older people, which is a match.
2. The intervention involves a virtual reality system, which can be considered an exergame, but the focus is on improving cognitive and motor conditions rather than specifically preventing falls.
3. The study is a pilot evaluation and does not include a randomized controlled trial with reported results.. Therefore, based on the given criteria, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Pelosi, M. B., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    The use of interactive games by children with Down syndrome.
[Journal]  CADERNOS BRASILEIROS DE TERAPIA OCUPACIONAL-BRAZILIAN JOURNAL OF OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY 27(4): 718-733.
[Abstract] Introduction: Playing is fundamental for children's development and an important resource in working with children, but it is important to consider that toys and games have been transformed and the virtual games were included, which started to be used in Occupational Therapy. Objective: To analyze three platforms and six virtual games, to describe the participation of children with Down syndrome in the use of interactive games and to identify the most accessible platform, and the preference of the children. Method: This is an exploratory, descriptive study with a quantitative approach involving 13 children with Down syndrome, aged between 10 and 13 years old, using six interactive games from Leap Motion, Nintendo platforms Wii (R) and Timocco. Results: In the children's performance variables, the Timocco Platform reached the highest averages, with statistically significant differences in: "knowing what to do," "respecting the distance indicated for the platform," "playing with independence," and "players' performance." The correlation between the "players' performance" and the "demonstration of interest" variables presented significant results. In children's evaluation on the platform and the preferred game, Timocco was chosen, with the game called Falling fruits. The reasons for this choice included the fact that the game was fun, the child's good performance and is easy to play. Conclusion: The Timocco platform presented a higher average in all the variables studied, pointing to the importance of carrying out new studies in which the platform games can be used as an occupational therapy resource for children with Down syndrome, aiming to stimulate the development learning.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets children with Down syndrome, and the focus is on their participation and performance in interactive games, rather than on preventing falls in older people.

[Author]   Pelosin, E., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Motor-Cognitive Treadmill Training With Virtual Reality in Parkinson's Disease: The Effect of Training Duration.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 13.
[Abstract] Treadmill training with virtual reality (TT + VR) has been shown to improve gait performance and to reduce fall risk in Parkinson's disease (PD). However, there is no consensus on the optimal training duration. This study is a sub-study of the V-TIME randomized clinical trial (NCT01732653). In this study, we explored the effect of the duration of training based on the motor-cognitive interaction on motor and cognitive performance and on fall risk in subjects with PD. Patients in Hoehn and Yahr stages II-III, aged between 40 and 70 years, were included. In total, 96 patients with PD were assigned to 6 or 12 weeks of TT + VR intervention, and 77 patients completed the full protocol. Outcome measures for gait and cognitive performance were assessed at baseline, immediately after training, and at 1- and 6-month follow-up. The incident rate of falls in the 6-month pre-intervention was compared with that in the 6-month post-intervention. Dual-task gait performance (gait speed, gait speed variability and stride length under cognitive dual task and obstacle negotiation, and the leading foot clearance in obstacle negotiation) improved similarly in both groups with gains sustained at 6-month follow-up. A higher decrease in fall rate and fear of falling were observed in participants assigned to the 12-week intervention than the 6-week intervention. Improvements in cognitive functions (i.e., executive functions, visuospatial ability, and attention) were seen only in participants enrolled in 12-week training up to 1-month follow-up but vanished at the 6-month evaluation. Our results suggest that a longer TT + VR training leads to greater improvements in cognitive functions especially those directly addressed by the virtual environment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation: While the paper does involve an intervention (treadmill training with virtual reality) that could be considered an exergame and is aimed at reducing fall risk, the target population is specifically patients with Parkinson's disease, and the age range specified is 40-70 years. The criteria for the intervention to be considered relevant to the prevention of falls in the elderly would require the primary focus to be on older people, typically defined as those aged 65 and over. Additionally, the study is a sub-study of a larger randomized clinical trial, but it focuses on the effect of training duration rather than presenting a new RCT. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Peng, H.-T., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Novel Mat Exergaming to Improve the Physical Performance, Cognitive Function, and Dual-Task Walking and Decrease the Fall Risk of Community-Dwelling Older Adults.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PSYCHOLOGY 11.
[Abstract] Physical exercise and cognitive training were previously demonstrated to improve the physical functioning and decrease the incidence of falls for older adults. This study aimed to utilize an interactive exergame mat system to develop a novel cognitive-physical training program and explore the training effects on physical performance, cognitive function, dual-task walking (DTW), and fall risk compared to the control condition. In this quasi-experimental non-randomized controlled intervention study, 110 community-dwelling older adults participated. The exercise group (n= 56; mean age, 70.7 +/- 4.6 years) performed ladder-type, three-by-three grid-type, and circle-type mat exergames with simultaneous cognitive-physical training (EMAT), while the control group (n= 54; mean age, 72.0 +/- 5.7 years) underwent a multicomponent exercise intervention focused on physical and cognitive training. A 2 h training session was completed weekly for 3 months. Functional fitness (including upper- and lower-extremity strength and flexibility, grasp strength, aerobic endurance, static balance, dynamic balance and agility), a foot tapping test (FTT), the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA), DTW, and a fall risk questionnaire (FRQ) were assessed before and after the interventions. The EMAT program enhanced upper-extremity strength, lower-extremity strength and flexibility, aerobic endurance, and dynamic balance and agility; improved DTW and FTT performances; and decreased FRQ score. EMAT also showed a significant advantage over control in terms of lower-extremity strength and flexibility, aerobic endurance, dynamic balance and agility, and FRQ score (allP< 0.05). The current study provides evidence of the effects of a novel mat exergaming program on physical and cognitive performance. EMAT effectively reduced the fall risk and increased the dual-task ability of walking, factors that are important in fall prevention for community-dwelling older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a study involving an exergame intervention for older adults, and it reports on the effects of the intervention. However, the study is a quasi-experimental non-randomized controlled intervention, not a randomized controlled trial (RCT). According to the criteria, the paper must include RCTs, so this study does not meet the specified requirements.

[Author]   Penko, A. L., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Dual-task Interference Disrupts Parkinson's Gait Across Multiple Cognitive Domains.
[Journal]  NEUROSCIENCE 379: 375-382.
[Abstract] Gait dysfunction, a hallmark of Parkinson's disease, contributes to a relatively high incidence of falling. Gait function is further diminished during the performance of a motor-cognitive task (i.e., dual-task). It is unclear if Parkinson's disease-related dual-task deficits are related to a specific area of cognitive function or are the result of a more global decline in executive function. The aim of this project was to systematically evaluate gait performance to determine if gait dysfunction is restricted to certain types of executive function or a global phenomenon in individuals with Parkinson's disease. Twenty-three individuals with mild-moderate Parkinson's disease completed a series of dual-task conditions in which gait was paired with cognitive tasks requiring: working memory (0, 1, and 2-back), attention and problem solving (serial-7 subtraction), verbal memory (digit recall), semantic memory (Controlled Oral Word Association) and information processing speed (visual Stroop test). The results demonstrate that individuals with mild-moderate Parkinson's disease have a generalized worsening of spatial-temporal gait parameters regardless of the specific cognitive demand being performed concurrently. Overall, gait velocity decreased (p < 0.01) and stride and stance time both increased (p < 0.01) across all cognitive conditions. The attention and problem solving task resulted in the greatest number of gait parameter decrements. Results indicated that performance on cognitive tasks remained unchanged from single-task to dual-task conditions. Diminished gait performance under dual-task conditions across different cognitive function domains suggests a global Parkinson's disease-related deficit in information processing and regulation of gait. (C) 2018 IBRO. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on evaluating gait performance in individuals with Parkinson's disease under dual-task conditions, but it does not involve an exergame intervention. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial and does not report results from such a trial.

[Author]   Percy, D., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of virtual reality-based balance and gait in older adults with fear of movement: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  PHYSIOTHERAPY RESEARCH INTERNATIONAL 28(4).
[Abstract] ObjectiveTo summarize the current evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) regarding the effectiveness of Virtual Reality (VR) training and functional mobility in older adults with fear of movement. TypeSystematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials. MethodologyAn electronic search was performed using PubMed, Embase, Medline, SPORTDiscus, Scopus, and CINAHL. A data search from January 2015 to December 2022 and a manual electronic literature search were conducted to identify published RCTs. The effectiveness of VR-based balance training for balance and gait was evaluated in older adults with a fear of movement, which was measured by the Timed Up and Go (TUG) test and the Falls Efficacy Scale (FES). Three reviewers independently performed the study selection, and the quality assessment of the included studies was performed using the Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro) scale. The reporting was based on the new Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) Guidelines. SynthesisThe search product produced 345 results, from which 23 full text articles were studied. Seven RCTs of good methodological quality, including 265 participants, were included in the review. Overall, the studies reported that VR had a significant improvement on the TUG (Cohen's d = -0.91 [-1.38; -0.44], p = 0.001), while the FES was not significantly different (Cohen's d = -0.54 [-1.80; 0.71] p = 0.40). The average for PEDro scores (6.14) was good, and the risk of bias revealed that more than one-third of the studies correctly described the random sequence generation and allocation concealment procedures. ConclusionVR-based training is effective on balance or gait training based on the TUG; however, there were mixed results to improve FES scores following VR intervention. These inconsistent results might be limited due to variations in the studies, including heterogeneous training paradigms, sensitive outcome measures, small sample sizes, and short intervention durations, which limit the validity of our findings. Future investigations should compare different VR protocols to help establish better guidelines for clinicians.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the intervention (Virtual Reality) and target population (older adults) are relevant, the study design (systematic review and meta-analysis) disqualifies it from being considered.

[Author]   Perens, G., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    4-Dimensional virtual reality model of Tetralogy of Fallot.
[Journal]  PROGRESS IN PEDIATRIC CARDIOLOGY 64.
[Abstract] 3D imaging, modeling, and printing of congenital heart disease (CHD) have revolutionized the ability to visualize complex hearts. Printed 3D and virtual computer heart models have a number of limitations, including often lacking valve anatomy and representing only one time point in the cardiac cycle. 3D visualization of the beating heart has been limited to echocardiography, and multi-planar and topographical images from CT and MRI. Presented here are video capture images of a high resolution, dynamic 3D (`4D') model from a cardiac MRI study representing the endocardial surface "contracting" throughout the cardiac cycle in a 4 month old infant with Tetralogy of Fallot, double aortic arch, and vertical vein from the left upper pulmonary vein to innominate vein.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about creating a 4-dimensional virtual reality model to visualize the heart condition of an infant with Tetralogy of Fallot. It does not meet the criteria for using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as it does not target older people, does not involve an exergame, and is not related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Perez-Carrasco, J.-A., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Joint segmentation of bones and muscles using an intensity and histogram-based energy minimization approach.
[Journal]  COMPUTER METHODS AND PROGRAMS IN BIOMEDICINE 156: 85-95.
[Abstract] Background and objectives: The segmentation of muscle and bone structures in CT is of interest to physicians and surgeons for surgical planning, disease diagnosis and/or the analysis of fractures or bone/muscle densities. Recently, the issue has been addressed in many research works. However, most studies have focused on only one of the two tissues and on the segmentation of one particular bone or muscle. This work addresses the segmentation of muscle and bone structures in 3D CT volumes.& para;& para;Methods: The proposed bone and muscle segmentation algorithm is based on a three-label convex relaxation approach. The main novelty is that the proposed energy function to be minimized includes distance to histogram models of bone and muscle structures combined with gray-level information.& para;& para;Results: 27 CT volumes corresponding to different sections from 20 different patients were manually segmented and used as ground-truth for training and evaluation purposes. Different metrics (Dice index, Jac-card index, Sensitivity, Specificity, Positive Predictive Value, accuracy and computational cost) were computed and compared with those used in some state-of-the art algorithms. The proposed algorithm outper-formed the other methods, obtaining a Dice coefficient of 0.88 +/- 0.14, a Jaccard index of 0.80 +/- 0.19, a Sensitivity of 0.94 +/- 0.15 and a Specificity of 0.95 +/- 0.04 for bone segmentation, and 0.78 +/- 0.12, 0.65 +/- 0.16, 0.94 +/- 0.04 and 0.95 +/- 0.04 for muscle tissue.& para;& para;Conclusions: A fast, generalized method has been presented for segmenting muscle and bone structures in 3D CT volumes using a multilabel continuous convex relaxation approach. The results obtained show that the proposed algorithm outperforms some state-of-the art methods. The algorithm will help physicians and surgeons in surgical planning, disease diagnosis and/or the analysis of fractures or bone/muscle densities. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a method for the segmentation of muscle and bone structures in 3D CT volumes using an intensity and histogram-based energy minimization approach. It does not involve exergames, nor is it focused on preventing falls in the elderly. The study also does not include randomized controlled trials related to exergames.

[Author]   Perrochon, A., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Exercise-based games interventions at home in individuals with a neurological disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  ANNALS OF PHYSICAL AND REHABILITATION MEDICINE 62(5): 366-378.
[Abstract] Objective: The objective of this review was to summarize the current best evidence for the effectiveness, feasibility, user compliance and safety of exercise-based games (EBGs), including virtual reality and interactive video game interventions, for the rehabilitation of individuals with neurological disorders at home.Material and methods: We identified randomized controlled trials (RCT) evaluating the effects of EBGs in neurological patients in home settings by searching 3 electronic databases (MEDLINE, SCOPUS, CENTRAL Library) from inception to March 2018. All data pertaining to participants, interventions, outcomes, supervision and cost-effectiveness were independently extracted by 2 reviewers. Risk of bias was independently assessed by 2 reviewers.Results: Reports of 11 RCT studies with heterogeneous populations (i.e., stroke, Parkinson disease and multiple sclerosis) were included in the review. The treatment of experimental groups included EBGs (i.e., commercially available games such as Nintendo Wii or Dance Dance Revolution or custom-designed devices), and control groups received a controlled (i.e., conventional therapy) or uncontrolled (i.e., usual care) intervention. Across studies, EBGs at home tended to have limited effects on upper and lower limbs. We demonstrated an increased risk of participants dropping out of the program or discontinuing training in experimental groups (n = 51 participants) as compared with controls (n = 23 participants). Few adverse events (2 of 6 studies), such as minor musculoskeletal pain, were reported in balance training.Conclusions: This systematic review reveals that EBGs seem a relevant alternative for rehabilitation at home because the effectiveness of these interventions was at least equivalent to conventional therapy or usual care. We give recommendations for the development of new EBG therapies. (C) 2019 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the paper discusses exercise-based games (EBGs) for individuals with neurological disorders, it does not specifically focus on the elderly or fall prevention.

[Author]   Peruzzi, A., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    An innovative training program based on virtual reality and treadmill: effects on gait of persons with multiple sclerosis.
[Journal]  DISABILITY AND REHABILITATION 39(15): 1557-1563.
[Abstract] Aim: In this single blind randomized controlled trial, we examined the effect of a virtual reality-based training on gait of people with multiple sclerosis.Methods: Twenty-five individuals with multiple sclerosis with mild to moderate disability were randomly assigned to either the control group (n=11) or the experimental group (n=14). The subjects in the control group received treadmill training. Subjects in the experimental group received virtual reality based treadmill training. Clinical measures and gait parameters were evaluated.Result: Subjects in both the groups significantly improved the walking endurance and speed, cadence and stride length, lower limb joint ranges of motion and powers, during single and dual task gait. Moreover, subjects in the experimental group also improved balance, as indicated by the results of the clinical motor tests (p<0.05). Between-group comparisons revealed that the experimental group improved significantly more than control group in hip range of motion and hip generated power at terminal stance at post-training.Conclusion: Our results support the perceived benefits of training programs that incorporate virtual reality to improve gait measures in individuals with multiple sclerosis.Implication of rehabilitationGait deficits are common in multiple sclerosis (85%) and worsen during dual task activities.Intensive and progressive treadmill training, with and without virtual reality, is effective on dual task gait in persons with multiple sclerosis.Virtual reality-based treadmill training requiring obstacle negotiation increases the range of motion and the power generated at the hip, consequently allowing longer stride length and, consequently, higher gait speed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets people with multiple sclerosis, not older people, and the focus is on improving gait, not specifically on fall prevention.

[Author]   Peter, I. D., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Sleep Pattern and Sleep Hygiene Practices among Nigerian Schooling Adolescents.
[Journal]  Indian journal of psychological medicine 39(4): 407-412.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Sleep problems, especially in the adolescent stage of development, may be associated with excessive daytime sleepiness, impaired neurocognitive function, and a host of others leading to suboptimal performance.OBJECTIVES: To determine the pattern of sleep problems in school-going adolescents based on the bedtime problems; excessive daytime sleepiness; awakenings during the night and problems falling back asleep; regularity and duration of sleep; sleep-disordered breathing (BEARS) sleep screening algorithm.MATERIALS AND METHODS: This is a cross-sectional descriptive study involving 353 secondary school-going adolescents in Kano metropolis. Subjects were selected for the study using multistage sampling technique. The study lasted from March 2015 to July 2015. Sleep problems were screened for using the BEARS sleep screening algorithm. Tables were used to present the qualitative data. The various BEARS sleep patterns were assessed, and comparison between stages of adolescence was done using Chi-square test (and Fisher's exact test where necessary). A significant association was considered at P < 0.05.RESULTS: Of the 353 adolescents studied, 61.8% were males while 38.2% were females with male, female ratio of 1.6:1. Early, middle, and late adolescents constituted 13.9%, 39.9%, 46.2% respectively. BEARS sleep screening revealed awakenings during the night (34.6%) as the most common sleep-related problem reported, and this was followed by excessive daytime sleepiness (21.0%). Age-group dependent sleep duration was 7.19 ± 1.26, 7.13 ± 1.13, 7.16 ± 1.28, with P > 0.05. Although 62.9% of all the adolescents watched TV/play video games until 1 h before going to bed and this was highest in late adolescence, it was not statistically significantly associated with any of the sleep problems.CONCLUSION: Both the quality and quantity of sleep in Nigerian adolescents in Kano is suboptimal. Adolescent and sleep medicine should receive more attention in our environment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about sleep patterns and sleep hygiene practices among Nigerian schooling adolescents. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are adolescents, not older people, and the focus is on sleep, not exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Petersson, L. K., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Changing land use and increasing abundance of deer cause natural regeneration failure of oaks: Six decades of landscape-scale evidence.
[Journal]  FOREST ECOLOGY AND MANAGEMENT 444: 299-307.
[Abstract] Many tree species worldwide are suffering from slow or failed natural regeneration with dramatic consequences for biodiversity and ecosystem services. However, it is difficult to disentangle the complex effects of factors influencing regeneration processes on long-lived tree species at large scales. In this study, we use long-term data from the Swedish National Forest Inventory (1953-2015) combined with deer hunting data (1960-2015) to reveal experimentally-intractable processes impeding oak (Quercus spp.) regeneration in southern Sweden. Oak-dominated ecosystems are widespread in northern temperate regions, where oaks are foundation species with disproportionate importance for biodiversity and ecosystem functions. Our study reveals that during the last six decades, oak tree numbers and standing volume have continuously increased, while natural regeneration of oak declined steeply after the early 1980s. We connect this decline to denser and darker forests, combined with increased abundance of deer. Land use changes during the six decades, such as abandonment of traditional practices and large-scale introduction of forest management oriented towards high volume production, led to continuously denser forests and thereby reduced the oak regeneration niche. In addition, the impact of changed game management was evident. This was particularly clear from a natural experiment on Gotland, a large island free of deer until roe deer were introduced in the late 20th century, at which point oak regeneration began a steep decline. At the stand level, natural oak regeneration could be expected to mainly occur in pulses after disturbance events, followed by a period of low regeneration success as the cohort ages. However, at a landscape scale one would expect a mix of successional stages that would even out such demographic patterns. A prolonged period of low regeneration at a landscape scale will eventually lead to a large gap in the oak size distribution as was observed in this study. This could eventually hurt the many species dependent on old and large oak trees. Active management to restore the oak regeneration niche, i.e. forest habitats with more light and less browsing pressure, therefore seems essential. The latter includes developing strategies that manage both deer populations and their available food across landscapes. Our study is the first to link oak regeneration failure to long-term changes in land use and increased deer populations at a landscape scale in this region. Furthermore, our study show how historical data can clarify confounded processes impacting long-lived forest species.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the impact of land use changes and increased deer abundance on the natural regeneration of oak trees. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Petros, F. E., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Robotically Controlled Head Oscillations During Overground Walking: A Comparison of Elderly and Young Adults.
[Journal]  IEEE ROBOTICS AND AUTOMATION LETTERS 9(2): 1074-1081.
[Abstract] Head turns during walking have been used to assess balance, mobility, and vestibular function in both experimental and clinical applications. However, head turns in walking experiments have been limited to self-initiated head motions as opposed to controlled motions. The aim of this study is to evaluate the effects of controlled head turns enabled by a robotic neck brace in elderly and young adults during overground walking under normal (HO) and altered vision (HVO). The robotic neck brace applied controlled sinusoidal head turns around the vertical axis at +/- 30(degrees), 0.4 Hz. The vision was altered using a virtual reality headset, where the visual field was aligned along the direction of the head oscillation. Ten elderly (EA, 65-85 yrs) and ten younger (YA, 22-32 yrs) adults were recruited. Spatiotemporal gait parameters, such as stride length (SL), stride width (SW), stride velocity (SV), stride time (ST), stance time percentage (STP), and direction of progression (DoP), as well as mediolateral and anterior-posterior margins of stability (MLMoS and AP(MoS)) were analyzed. Elderly participants showed greater gait changes than younger individuals, particularly during HVO, leading to the highest DoP deviations. Our results indicate that the elderly had difficulty relying on non visual cues to compensate for the altered vision. However, they had comparable MLMoS and more stable AP(MoS). Overall, older adults prioritized balance and stability, while young adults focused on preserving walking direction. Our results indicated that age significantly impacts gait during head oscillations, especially when visual information is altered.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study involves older adults and uses a virtual reality headset, the primary focus is on evaluating the effects of controlled head turns enabled by a robotic neck brace during overground walking, rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Petsani, D., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Digital Biomarkers for Well-being Through Exergame Interactions: Exploratory Study.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 10(3).
[Abstract] Background: Ecologically valid evaluations of patient states or well-being by means of new technologies is a key issue in contemporary research in health and well-being of the aging population. The in-game metrics generated from the interaction of users with serious games (SG) can potentially be used to predict or characterize a user's state of health and well-being. There is currently an increasing body of research that investigates the use of measures of interaction with games as digital biomarkers for health and well-being.Objective: The aim of this paper is to predict well-being digital biomarkers from data collected during interactions with SG, using the values of standard clinical assessment tests as ground truth.Methods: The data set was gathered during the interaction with patients with Parkinson disease with the webFitForAll exergame platform, an SG engine designed to promote physical activity among older adults, patients, and vulnerable populations. The collected data, referred to as in-game metrics, represent the body movements captured by a 3D sensor camera and translated into game analytics. Standard clinical tests gathered before and after the long-term interaction with exergames (preintervention test vs postintervention test) were used to provide user baselines.Results: Our results showed that in-game metrics can effectively categorize participants into groups of different cognitive and physical states. Different in-game metrics have higher descriptive values for specific tests and can be used to predict the value range for these tests.Conclusions: Our results provide encouraging evidence for the value of in-game metrics as digital biomarkers and can boost the analysis of improving in-game metrics to obtain more detailed results.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using in-game metrics from exergames as digital biomarkers to predict or characterize the well-being and health of patients, specifically those with Parkinson's disease. While it does involve an exergame (webFitForAll) and older adults, the primary focus is on the use of in-game metrics as biomarkers rather than on the prevention of falls. Additionally, the paper does not explicitly state that it includes a randomized controlled trial, and the results are focused on the predictive value of in-game metrics rather than on the effectiveness of the exergame in preventing falls.

[Author]   Phelan, I., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Immersive virtual reality in children with upper limb injuries: Findings from a feasibility study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF PEDIATRIC REHABILITATION MEDICINE 14(3): 401-414.
[Abstract] PURPOSE: Children who sustain Upper Limb Injuries (ULIs), including fractures and burns, may undergo intensive rehabilitation. The discomfort of therapy can reduce their compliance, limit their range of motion (ROM) and lead to chronic pain. Virtual Reality (VR) interventions have been found to reduce anticipated and procedural pain.This feasibility study aimed to explore perceptions and impacts of a custom-made, fully immersive Head-Mounted Display VR (HMD-VR) experience within a United Kingdom (UK) National Health Service (NHS) outpatient rehabilitation service for children with ULIs.METHODS: Ten children aged 9-16 in one UK Children's hospital trialled HMD-VR during one rehabilitation session. They, their parents (n = 10), and hospital physiotherapy staff (n = 2) were interviewed about their perceptions of pain, difficulty, enjoyability, therapeutic impacts, benefits, and limitations. Children rated the sessions on enjoyability, difficulty, and pain compared to usual rehabilitation exercises. Physiotherapists were asked to provide range of motion readings.RESULTS: Inductive thematic analysis of interview data generated three themes, 'Escape through Engagement'; 'Enhanced Movement'; and 'Adaptability and Practicality'. Children rated the session as more enjoyable, less difficult and painful than their usual rehabilitation exercises. Findings suggested that HMD-VR was an engaging, enjoyable experience that distracted children from the pain and boredom of therapy. Also, it seemed to enhance the movement they achieved. Participants perceived it was useful for rehabilitation and adaptable to individual needs and other patient groups. Suggestions were made to increase adaptability and build in practical safeguards.CONCLUSION: Findings from this small-scale feasibility study suggested HMD-VR was perceived as usable, acceptable, and effective with potential for further development. Future work could include larger scale trials.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on children with upper limb injuries and uses virtual reality (VR) as an intervention to enhance their rehabilitation experience. The criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, and including randomized controlled trials are not met. Additionally, this is a feasibility study, which does not include original data from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Piana, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Automatic 3D Augmented-Reality Robot-Assisted Partial Nephrectomy Using Machine Learning: Our Pioneer Experience.
[Journal]  CANCERS 16(5).
[Abstract] The aim of "Precision Surgery" is to reduce the impact of surgeries on patients' global health. In this context, over the last years, the use of three-dimensional virtual models (3DVMs) of organs has allowed for intraoperative guidance, showing hidden anatomical targets, thus limiting healthy-tissue dissections and subsequent damage during an operation. In order to provide an automatic 3DVM overlapping in the surgical field, we developed and tested a new software, called "ikidney", based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs). From January 2022 to April 2023, patients affected by organ-confined renal masses amenable to RAPN were enrolled. A bioengineer, a software developer, and a surgeon collaborated to create hyper-accurate 3D models for automatic 3D AR-guided RAPN, using CNNs. For each patient, demographic and clinical data were collected. A total of 13 patients were included in the present study. The average anchoring time was 11 (6-13) s. Unintended 3D-model automatic co-registration temporary failures happened in a static setting in one patient, while this happened in one patient in a dynamic setting. There was one failure; in this single case, an ultrasound drop-in probe was used to detect the neoplasm, and the surgery was performed under ultrasound guidance instead of AR guidance. No major intraoperative nor postoperative complications (i.e., Clavien Dindo > 2) were recorded. The employment of AI has unveiled several new scenarios in clinical practice, thanks to its ability to perform specific tasks autonomously. We employed CNNs for an automatic 3DVM overlapping during RAPN, thus improving the accuracy of the superimposition process.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of 3D augmented-reality and machine learning for robot-assisted partial nephrectomy, which is a surgical procedure. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not focused on preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Piccinini, G., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    The impact of cognitive reserve on the effectiveness of balance rehabilitation in Parkinson's disease.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF PHYSICAL AND REHABILITATION MEDICINE 54(4): 554-559.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Cognitive reserve (CR) can be considered an active expression of brain resilience in response to a damage. Several studies have shown the influence of CR on cognitive impairment and its relationship with cognitive function in Parkinson's disease (PD).AIM: The aim of the present study was to show if CR influences the effectiveness of balance rehabilitation in PD patients who performed a conventional rehabilitative treatment.DESIGN: Observational longitudinal study.SETTING: Neurology Outpatient Unit, University Hospital.POPULATION: Fifty-three patients affected by idiopathic PD, stage 2-3 at the Hoehn and Yahr Scale.METHODS: Each patient underwent 32 group sessions of conventional rehabilitative treatment. At baseline, patients' CR was assessed by the Cognitive Reserve Index questionnaire (CRIq). The primary outcome was the evaluation of static and dynamic balance modifications, induced by the treatment, through the Berg Balance Scale (BBS), assessed at T0 and T1. Mini Mental State Examination, Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale Part III (clinician-scored monitored motor evaluation) and Brief Intelligence Test were assessed only at T0 and used as descriptive variables.RESULTS: Considering the clinically meaningful change, BBS improved in 26% of patients, worsened in 2% and was unchanged in 72%. BBS score significantly improved in older patients, and in those with lower CRI total score. A significant inverse correlation was observed between changes in BBS and work and education related CR. Patients with lower baseline BBS score showed better improvement in balance.CONCLUSIONS: We found an inverse correlation between CR level and balance improvement in PD patients who underwent conventional rehabilitation: higher improvement in BBS was observed in those with a lower CRI score. This may suggest that patients with higher CRI could benefit from more stimulating types of non-conventional rehabilitation (e.g. robotic, virtual reality).CLINICAL REHABILITATION IMPACT: Rehabilitation should be individually tailored considering CR as a significant variable.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a conventional rehabilitative treatment, and there is no mention of exergames, virtual reality, or similar interventions. Additionally, the study design is observational rather than a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Piech, J. and K. Czernicki (2021). 
[Title]    Virtual Reality Rehabilitation and Exergames-Physical and Psychological Impact on Fall Prevention among the Elderly-A Literature Review.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 11(9).
[Abstract] The present review is aimed at the effectiveness of virtual reality (VR) and exergames in the prevention of falls among the elderly. Falls become a significant problem in the aging population and lead to psychological, social, and physical impairment. Prevention of falls is crucial to the well-being of the elderly population and is one of the challenges of contemporary rehabilitation. Recently, in view of the threat of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, contactless methods of rehabilitation, including telerehabilitation, appear as valuable rehabilitation tools. This review is based on the PRISMA guidelines and was carried out in five databases: PubMed, Medline, Web of Science, Scopus, and PEDro. Twenty-one randomized controlled trials, focused on the application of VR and exergames in the prevention of falls, were included. This review suggests that VR training in rehabilitation appears to be a promising complement to traditional techniques of physiotherapy to improve specific physical outcomes. VR and exergames could be considered as a complement of standard physiotherapy and its possible continuation at home for elderly. However, further high-quality studies, with carefully designed protocols and proper blinding, are needed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a literature review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. According to the given criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included.

[Author]   Pietrzak, E., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Using Commercial Video Games for Falls Prevention in Older Adults: The Way for the Future?
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF GERIATRIC PHYSICAL THERAPY 37(4): 166-177.
[Abstract] Background and Purpose: Falls in older adults are an increasingly costly public health issue. There are many fall prevention strategies that are effective. However, with an increasing population of older people and ever-decreasing availability of health practitioners and health funding, novel modes of intervention are being developed, including those relying on computer technologies. The aim of this article was to review the literature on the use of exergaming to prevent falls in older adult persons living in the community.Methods: The Cochrane, Medline, and Embase databases were searched using prespecified search terms. To be included, studies had to investigate the effect of using commercially available consoles and video games on outcome measures such as a decrease in falls, improvements in balance control or gait parameters, decreased fear of falling, and attitude to exercise in older adult persons living in the community. All study designs with the exception of single-person case studies were included. Articles had to be published in peer-reviewed journals in the English language.Results: Nineteen studies fulfilled the inclusion criteria. The following outcomes were observed: (1) using computer-based virtual reality gaming for balance training in older adults was feasible; (2) the majority of studies showed a positive effect of exergaming on balance control; (3) some studies showed a positive effect on balance confidence and gait parameters; (4) the effect was seen across the age and sex spectrum of older adults, including those with and without balance impairment.Conclusions: There is as yet no evidence that using virtual reality games will prevent falls, but there is an indication that their use in balance training may improve balance control, which in turn may lead to falls prevention.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a review of the literature on the use of exergaming to prevent falls in older adults. While it does discuss the potential benefits of exergames for balance control and other related outcomes, it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it summarizes findings from 19 studies, making it a review rather than an original research study. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper does not meet the requirement of including a randomized controlled trial with reported results.

[Author]   Pillay, K., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Automated EEG sleep staging in the term-age baby using a generative modelling approach.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEURAL ENGINEERING 15(3).
[Abstract] Objective. We develop a method for automated four-state sleep classification of preterm and term-born babies at term-age of 38-40 weeks postmenstrual age (the age since the last menstrual cycle of the mother) using multichannel electroencephalogram (EEG) recordings. At this critical age, EEG differentiates from broader quiet sleep (QS) and active sleep (AS) stages to four, more complex states, and the quality and timing of this differentiation is indicative of the level of brain development. However, existing methods for automated sleep classification remain focussed only on QS and AS sleep classification. Approach. EEG features were calculated from 16 EEG recordings, in 30 s epochs, and personalized feature scaling used to correct for some of the inter-recording variability, by standardizing each recording's feature data using its mean and standard deviation. Hidden Markov models (HMMs) and Gaussian mixture models (GMMs) were trained, with the HMM incorporating knowledge of the sleep state transition probabilities. Performance of the GMM and HMM (with and without scaling) were compared, and Cohen's kappa agreement calculated between the estimates and clinicians' visual labels. Main results. For four-state classification, the HMM proved superior to the GMM. With the inclusion of personalized feature scaling, mean kappa (+/- standard deviation) was 0.62 (+/- 0.16) compared to the GMM value of 0.55 (+/- 0.15). Without feature scaling, kappas for the HMM and GMM dropped to 0.56 (+/- 0.18) and 0.51 (+/- 0.15), respectively. Significance. This is the first study to present a successful method for the automated staging of four states in term-age sleep using multichannel EEG. Results suggested a benefit in incorporating transition information using an HMM, and correcting for inter-recording variability through personalized feature scaling. Determining the timing and quality of these states are indicative of developmental delays in both preterm and term-born babies that may lead to learning problems by school age.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a method for automated four-state sleep classification in term-age babies using EEG, and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Pisani, A. R., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Mobile Phone Intervention to Reduce Youth Suicide in Rural Communities: Field Test.
[Journal]  JMIR MENTAL HEALTH 5(2).
[Abstract] Background: Suicide is a leading cause of death among 10- to 19-year-olds in the United States, with 5% to 8% attempting suicide each year. Suicide risk rises significantly during early adolescence and is higher in rural and underserved communities. School-based universal prevention programs offer a promising way of reducing suicide by providing strategies for emotion regulation and encouraging help-seeking behaviors and youth-adult connectedness. However, such programs frequently run into difficulties in trying to engage a broad range of students. Text messaging is a dominant medium of communication among youths, and studies show both efficacy and uptake in text messaging interventions aimed at adolescents. Text-based interventions may, thus, offer a means for school-based universal prevention programs to engage adolescents who would otherwise be difficult to reach.Objective: We field tested Text4Strength, an automated, interactive text messaging intervention that seeks to reach a broad range of early adolescents in rural communities. Text4Strength extends Sources of Strength, a peer-led school suicide prevention program, by encouraging emotion regulation, help-seeking behaviors, and youth-adult connectedness in adolescents. The study tested the appeal and feasibility of Text4Strength and its potential to extend universal school-based suicide prevention.Methods: We field tested Text4Strength with 42 ninth-grade students. Over 9 weeks, students received 28 interactive message sequences across 9 categories (Sources of Strength introduction, positive friend, mentors, family support, healthy activities, generosity, spirituality, medical access, and emotion regulation strategies). The message sequences included games, requests for advice, questions about students' own experiences, and peer testimonial videos. We measured baseline mental health characteristics, frequency of replies, completion of sequences and video viewing, appeal to students, and their perception of having benefited from the program.Results: Of the 42 participating students, 38 (91%) responded to at least one sequence and 22 (52%) responded to more than a third of the sequences. The proportion of students who completed multistep sequences they had started ranged from 35% (6/17) to 100% (3/3 to 28/28), with responses dropping off when more than 4 replies were needed. With the exception of spirituality and generosity, each of the content areas generated at least a moderate number of student replies from both boys and girls. Students with higher and lower levels of risk and distress interacted with the sequences at similar rates. Contrary to expectations, few students watched videos. Students viewed the intervention as useful-even those who rarely responded to messages. More than 70% found the texts useful (3 items, n range 29-34) and 90% (36) agreed the program should be repeated.Conclusions: Text4Strength offers a potentially engaging way to extend school-based interventions that promote protective factors for suicide. Text4Strength is ready to be revised, based on findings and student feedback from this field test, and rigorously tested for efficacy.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets youth in rural communities and focuses on reducing suicide risk through a text messaging program. The criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, and including randomized controlled trials are not met.

[Author]   Pitt, E., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Dietary patterns of Australian children at three and five years of age and their changes over time: A latent class and latent transition analysis.
[Journal]  APPETITE 129: 207-216.
[Abstract] Consuming a healthy diet characterised by a variety of nutritious foods is essential for promoting and maintaining health and wellbeing, yet the diets of Australian children continue to fall well short of national healthy eating recommendations. This research endeavours to identify patterns of dietary intake in Australian children at three and five years of age and investigate associations between early childhood dietary patterns and socio-economic and demographic indicators and Body Mass Index (BMI), as well as identify changes in children's dietary patterns over time. Cross-sectional dietary patterns were derived for 1565 and 631 children aged three and five years, respectively using Latent Class Analysis (LCA), with changes over time analysed with Latent Transition Analysis (LTA). Demographic variables of interest included child sex, parental age, family status, and use of childcare services and socio-economic variables included education, income and employment status. Three patterns of dietary intake were identified at three years (Highly Unhealthy, Healthier and Moderately Unhealthy) and two patterns at five years (Unhealthy and Healthier). Children with younger mothers, working mothers, fathers with a higher BMI and living in a two-carer household were more likely to have unhealthy eating patterns at three years, and children with working mothers and living in a two-carer household were more likely to have unhealthy patterns of dietary intake at five years. Approximately one eighth of the sample transitioned from the healthier to unhealthy pattern of dietary intake from three to five years. The quality of Australian children's diets appears to be declining through the early childhood years, continuing to highlight the importance of nutrition policies and interventions targeted towards the early years of life.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the dietary patterns of Australian children and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the dietary habits of young children, their socio-economic and demographic indicators, and changes in these patterns over time. It does not mention any interventions involving exergames or target older people.

[Author]   Pitts, J., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Cognitive Task Domain Influences Cognitive-Motor Interference during Large-Magnitude Treadmill Stance Perturbations.
[Journal]  SENSORS 23(18).
[Abstract] Reactive balance is postulated to be attentionally demanding, although it has been underexamined in dual-tasking (DT) conditions. Further, DT studies have mainly included only one cognitive task, leaving it unknown how different cognitive domains contribute to reactive balance. This study examined how DT affected reactive responses to large-magnitude perturbations and compared cognitive-motor interference (CMI) between cognitive tasks. A total of 20 young adults aged 18-35 (40% female; 25.6 +/- 3.8 y) were exposed to treadmill support surface perturbations alone (single-task (ST)) and while completing four cognitive tasks: Target, Track, Auditory Clock Test (ACT), Letter Number Sequencing (LNS). Three perturbations were delivered over 30 s in each trial. Cognitive tasks were also performed while seated and standing (ST). Compared to ST, post-perturbation MOS was lower when performing Track, and cognitive performance was reduced on the Target task during DT (p < 0.05). There was a larger decline in overall (cognitive + motor) performance from ST for both of the visuomotor tasks compared to the ACT and LNS (p < 0.05). The highest CMI was observed for visuomotor tasks; real-life visuomotor tasks could increase fall risk during daily living, especially for individuals with difficulty attending to more than one task.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on young adults (aged 18-35) and examines how different cognitive tasks affect reactive balance during large-magnitude perturbations. It does not specifically target older people, nor does it involve an exergame intervention. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Plater, E. B., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Calf cutaneous stimulation generates reflexes in the thigh that can be modified by subthreshold noisy vibration.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROPHYSIOLOGY 130(1): 199-211.
[Abstract] Imperceptible tactile noise applied to the skin of the feet enhances posture-correcting cutaneous reflexes. This sensory augmentation technique, stochastic resonance (SR), has not been tested in the less-sensitive hairy skin of the leg for its reflex-enhancement ability. The objectives of this study were to determine whether calf skin stimulation produces cutaneous reflexes and whether noise can modify the reflex. In 20 participants, electrotactile pulse trains were applied at the calf while participants performed submaximal isometric knee extension. To test SR, five different levels of vibrotactile noise were applied simultaneously to the test input. Muscle activity from the vastus lateralis (VL) was analyzed 60-110 ms after stimulation. Reflex ratios were calculated by dividing the reflex peak activity by the prestimulation background muscle activity. A significant reflex response was evoked in 16/20 participants (5.41 +/- 2.6% of background muscle activity); these responses varied between individuals with eight being facilitatory and eight being inhibitory. In half of the participants, a new reflex appeared at some level of added noise (n = 10). The average reflex ratio of the study population was significantly higher at the "optimal" noise level (8.61 +/- 4.5) than at "baseline" (4.70 +/- 5.6) (P 1/4 0.002); the optimal level varied across participants. These results suggest that cutaneous reflexes exist at the VL in response to calf skin stimulation and that SR can change cutaneous reflexes at the leg. This study provides an important first step toward SR application in clinical populations with sensory loss such as individuals with lower extremity amputation.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Our work showed that cutaneous reflexes, known to be present in response to foot sole stimulation, can also be evoked by stimulation of hairy leg skin. In addition, we demonstrated that adding tactile noise can enhance this reflex response. These findings demonstrate proof-of-concept for potential future applications where tactile stimulation, applied to the leg of an individual with amputation, can enhance postural-relevant reflexes. Improving postural control may reduce the risk of falls in this high-risk population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described involves calf cutaneous stimulation and the application of subthreshold noisy vibration, which is not an exergame. Additionally, while the study does mention potential applications for improving postural control and reducing the risk of falls, it does not specifically target older people, nor does it include a randomized controlled trial with reported results.

[Author]   Plow, M. and M. Finlayson (2014). 
[Title]    A Qualitative Study Exploring the Usability of Nintendo Wii Fit among Persons with Multiple Sclerosis.
[Journal]  OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY INTERNATIONAL 21(1): 21-32.
[Abstract] The purpose of this study was to examine the usability of Nintendo Wii Fit to promote physical activity in adults with multiple sclerosis. Qualitative interviews were conducted as part of a pilot study that examined the health outcomes of a 14-week Wii Fit home-exercise programme in 30 adults with multiple sclerosis. We found participants reported that Wii Fit helped build confidence in abilities, achieve goals related to engagement in leisure activities and remove barriers associated with going to a gym to exercise. However, Wii Fit induced initial reactions of intimidation and worries about falling, and feedback during game play reminded participants of their impairments. Wii Fit was limited in its customizability to accommodate different functional levels. Understanding how to improve the usability and customizability of commercially available exergaming technology could be of benefit to people with disabling conditions. Before conducting randomized controlled trials of commercially available exergaming technology in adults with disabling conditions, we recommend that strategies be identified to remove usability barriers so those with moderate impairments can be included in the trial. This will reduce the likelihood of ceiling effects and clinical irrelevance. In terms of clinical recommendations, rehabilitation professionals need to consider patients' functional level, surrounding environment and preferences when prescribing a Wii Fit-based exercise programme. Copyright (c) 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the usability of Nintendo Wii Fit among adults with multiple sclerosis, and it is a qualitative study rather than a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the intervention targets are adults with multiple sclerosis, not older people.

[Author]   Pokhrel, S. and J. Hwang (2024). 
[Title]    Effect of screen configuration on the neck angle, muscle activity, and simulator sickness symptoms in virtual reality.
[Journal]  WORK-A JOURNAL OF PREVENTION ASSESSMENT & REHABILITATION 79(1): 167-175.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: There is a lack of information about the optimal setup of multiple screen configurations in virtual reality (VR) office work. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of different screen configurations on neck flexion, rotation, neck muscle activity, and simulator sickness symptoms during Virtual Reality (VR) office work. METHODS: Twelve participants (7 males; 21 to 27 years old) performed copy-paste and drag-drop tasks in three different screen configurations (single screen, primary-secondary screen, and double screen) in a randomized order. Optical motion capture system, electromyography (EMG) device, and simulator sickness questionnaire (SSQ) were used to measure the users' responses. RESULTS: Neck rotation angles, muscle activities, and VR sickness were significantly affected by the screen configurations (p p < 0.021). The primary-secondary screen showed the highest right rotation angle (median:-33.47 degrees) degrees ) and left sternocleidomastoid (SCM) muscle activities (median: 12.57%MVC). Both single (median: 22.42) and primary-secondary (median: 22.40) screen showed the highest value of SSQ. CONCLUSIONS: The screen configurations in VR could be an important design factor affecting the users' physical demands of the neck and VR sickness symptoms. Asymmetric neck rotations caused by the primary-secondary screen conditions should be avoided.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of different screen configurations on neck angle, muscle activity, and simulator sickness symptoms in virtual reality (VR) office work. The participants are young adults (21 to 27 years old), and the study does not target older people or address fall prevention. Additionally, the intervention is related to VR office work, not exergames.

[Author]   Pompeu, J. E., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Feasibility, safety and outcomes of playing Kinect Adventures!™ for people with Parkinson's disease: a pilot study.
[Journal]  PHYSIOTHERAPY 100(2): 162-168.
[Abstract] Objectives To assess the feasibility, safety and outcomes of playing Microsoft Kinect Adventures (TM) for people with Parkinson's disease in order to guide the design of a randomised clinical trial.Design Single-group, blinded trial.Setting Rehabilitation Center of Sao Camilo University, Brazil.Participants Seven patients (six males, one female) with Parkinson's disease (Hoehn and Yahr Stages 2 and 3).Interventions Fourteen 60-minute sessions, three times per week, playing four games of Kinect Adventures!Main outcome measures The feasibility and safety outcomes were patients' game performance and adverse events, respectively. The clinical outcomes were the 6-minute walk test, Balance Evaluation System Test, Dynamic Gait Index and Parkinson's Disease Questionnaire (PDQ-39).Results Patients' scores for the four games showed improvement. The mean [standard deviation (SD)] scores in the first and last sessions of the Space Pop game were 151 (36) and 198 (29), respectively [mean (SD) difference 47(7), 95% confidence interval 15 to 79]. There were no adverse events. Improvements were also seen in the 6-minute walk test, Balance Evaluation System Test, Dynamic Gait Index and PDQ-39 following training.Conclusion Kinect-based training was safe and feasible for people with Parkinson's disease (Hoehn and Yahr Stages 2 and 3). Patients improved their scores for all four games. No serious adverse events occurred during training with Kinect Adventures!, which promoted improvement in activities (balance and gait), body functions (cardiopulmonary aptitude) and participation (quality of life). (C) 2013 Chartered Society of Physiotherapy. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation:
- The intervention targets people with Parkinson's disease, which can include older individuals, but the study is not specifically focused on the elderly.
- The intervention uses an exergame (Microsoft Kinect Adventures).
- The paper reports a single-group, blinded trial, not a randomized controlled trial.
- The study is a pilot study focusing on feasibility and safety, and does not meet the criteria for including only randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Popa, C., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Residents can do it! A hands-on training program in laparoscopic liver surgery for general surgery residents.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN SURGICAL RESEARCH 64(2): 237-245.
[Abstract] Introduction:Laparoscopic liver resections (LLR) constitute an area of surgery that has been kept away from residents in their hands-on training. The aim of our study is to assess the feasibility and the value of a didactic "step-by-step" program for LLR performed by residents using the swine training model Methods:From May 2018 to November 2019, three hands-on workshops were held. The protocol involved the performance of cholecystectomy, liver mobilization, minor and major hepatectomies. The participants' performance results in terms of operative time, blood loss, conversion, trainers' intervention and intraoperative mortality, were recorded. The first workshop was comprised of 30 residents who previously participated in laparoscopic surgery workshops. In the second workshop, after six residents dropped out due to residency completion, the findings for the remaining 24 residents were compared to those for 24 junior attending surgeons who didn't follow the protocol and had not performed LLR previously, and to another 24 residents in a third workshop, who had not taken the training program before but followed the protocolResults:All residents fully completed the surgical procedures. Trained residents achieved better operative times and less blood loss compared to senior surgeons (p<0.017), however, the remaining parameters were comparable. When compared to non-trained residents, those who underwent training achieved significantly better results only in operative times (p<0.001)Conclusion:A continuous LLR "step-by-step" training program on swine for residents is feasible and the "step-by-step" protocol is a valuable tool for a proper surgical education.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a hands-on training program in laparoscopic liver surgery for general surgery residents. It does not target older people, and the intervention is not an exergame. The study focuses on surgical education and training, which is unrelated to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Pope, Z., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    The effects of active video games on patients' rehabilitative outcomes: A meta-analysis.
[Journal]  PREVENTIVE MEDICINE 95(1): 38-46.
[Abstract] A meta-analysis on Active Video Games (AVG) as a rehabilitative tool does not appear to be available. Thismetaanalytic review synthesizes the effectiveness of AVGs on patients' rehabilitative outcomes. Ninety-eight published studies on AVGs and rehabilitation were obtained in late 2015 with 14 meeting the following inclusion criteria: 1) data-based English articles; 2) randomized-controlled trials investigating AVG's effect on rehabilitative outcome(s); and 3) = 1 comparison present in each study. Data extraction for comparisons was completed for three age categories: 1) youth/young adults (5-25 years-old); 2) middle-aged adults (40-65 years-old); and 3) older adults (= 65 years-old). Comprehensive Meta-Analysis software calculated effect size (ES; Hedge's g). Comparison group protocols often employed another non-AVG experimental treatment. Control group protocols implemented standard care. AVGs demonstrated a large positive effect on balance control over control among youth/young adults (ES = 0.81, p < 0.01). Further, AVGs resulted in small positive effects on middleaged adults' balance control over control (ES= 0.143, p= 0.48) and comparison(ES= 0.14, p= 0.53), with similar results in older adults compared to control (ES= 0.16, p = 0.27). Notably, AVG's effect on balance control versus comparison among older adults was small yet negative (ES = -0.12, p = 0.63). AVGs were also used to enhance general physical functioning (GPF) amongmiddle-aged and older adults. Versus control and comparison, AVGs had no effect on middle-aged adults' GPF (ES = -0.054 and -0.046, respectively) or older adults' GPF (ES= 0.04 and 0.002, respectively). Finally, AVGs had a moderate effect on older adults' falls efficacy versus control (ES= 0.61, p < 0.05). Findings favor AVGs for youth/young adult balance control rehabilitation and falls efficacy promotion in older adults. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.4
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a meta-analysis, which means it synthesizes data from multiple studies rather than presenting original data from a single randomized controlled trial. According to the criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria for inclusion.

[Author]   Popkin, C. A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Injuries to Ice Hockey Referees and Linesmen: A Survey of International Ice Hockey Federation Officials.
[Journal]  ORTHOPAEDIC JOURNAL OF SPORTS MEDICINE 10(9).
[Abstract] Background: Ice hockey referees and linesmen are at risk for musculoskeletal injuries because of the lack of protective equipment and contact with players, sticks, pucks, the ice surface and boards. Purpose: To quantify and analyze injuries reported by officials of the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF). Study Design: Descriptive epidemiology study. Methods: A 61-question survey tool was designed by an interdisciplinary team to evaluate musculoskeletal injuries experienced by ice hockey officials. This survey was administered to 600 active IIHF referees and linesmen. Only completed survey responses were included in the statistical analysis. Continuous variables were analyzed using unpaired t-tests, while categorical data were assessed utilizing chi-square tests. Results: Of the 600 surveys administered, 264 surveys were completed by officials from 45 countries (44% response rate). Of the respondents, 72% were male, and 28% were female, with a mean age of 31.1 +/- 5.8 years. Officiating experience averaged 11.4 +/- 6.0 years (6.3 +/- 4.5 years with the IIHF). A total of 295 injuries were reported by 55% of the officials. Injuries occurred more frequently during games compared with training, and officials who worked year-round had more total injuries than those who took time off (P = .03). The most common injuries involved the wrist and hand (n = 64 [22%]), head and face (n = 58 [20%]), and the knee (n = 47 [16%]). Wrist and hand trauma included 23 fractures. Knee and shoulder injuries were most likely to require surgery compared with other body areas (P < .001); 30 officials underwent surgery because of an acute knee injury (10%). Injury prevention activities were effective at reducing injuries (P = .04). Conclusion: Most ice hockey officials experienced musculoskeletal injuries during their career. The risk of trauma to the wrist and hand can possibly be reduced via equipment modifications including protective gloves. A greater emphasis should be placed on injury prevention programs and time away from officiating competitions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about injuries to ice hockey referees and linesmen, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on a survey of musculoskeletal injuries in ice hockey officials, and it does not involve any exergame interventions or target older people.

[Author]   Poppelaars, M. A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Virtual reality reduces anxiety of children in the plaster room: a randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  BONE & JOINT JOURNAL 106B(7): 728-734.
[Abstract] Aims Paediatric fractures are highly prevalent and are most often treated with plaster. The application and removal of plaster is often an anxiety- inducing experience for children. Decreasing the anxiety level may improve the patients' satisfaction and the quality of healthcare. Virtual reality (VR) has proven to effectively distract children and reduce their anxiety in other clinical settings, and it seems to have a similar effect during plaster treatment. This study aims to further investigate the effect of VR on the anxiety level of children with fractures who undergo plaster removal or replacement in the plaster room. Methods A randomized controlled trial was conducted. A total of 255 patients were included, aged five to 17 years, who needed plaster treatment for a fracture of the upper or lower limb. Randomization was stratified for age (five to 11 and 12 to 17 years). The intervention group was distracted with VR goggles and headphones during the plaster treatment, whereas the control group received standard care. As the primary outcome, the post- procedural level of anxiety was measured with the Child Fear Scale (CFS). Secondary outcomes included the children's anxiety reduction (difference between CFS after and CFS before plaster procedure), numerical rating scale (NRS) pain, NRS satisfaction of the children and accompanying parents/guardians, and the children's heart rates during the procedure. An independent- samples t- test and Mann- Whitney U test (depending on the data distribution) were used to analyze the data. Results The post- procedural CFS was significantly lower (p < 0.001) in the intervention group (proportion of children with no anxiety = 78.6%) than in the control group (56.8%). The anxiety reduction, NRS pain and satisfaction scores, and heart rates showed no significant differences between the control group and the intervention group. Subanalyses showed an increased effect of VR on anxiety levels in young patients, females, upper limb fractures, and those who had had previous plaster treatment. Conclusion VR effectively reduces the anxiety levels of children in the plaster room, especially in young girls. No statistically significant effects were seen regarding pain, heart rate, or satisfaction scores.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) to reduce anxiety in children undergoing plaster treatment for fractures. The intervention targets children, not older people, and the focus is on anxiety reduction rather than fall prevention. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Porpiglia, F., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Three-dimensional Augmented Reality Robot-assisted Partial Nephrectomy in Case of Complex Tumours (PADUA ≥10): A New Intraoperative Tool Overcoming the Ultrasound Guidance.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN UROLOGY 78(2): 229-238.
[Abstract] Background: Despite technical improvements introduced with robotic surgery, management of complex tumours (PADUA score >= 10) is still a matter of debate within the field of transperitoneal robot-assisted partial nephrectomy (RAPN).Objective: To evaluate the accuracy of our three-dimensional (3D) static and elastic augmented reality (AR) systems based on hyperaccuracy models (HA3D) in identifying tumours and intrarenal structures during transperitoneal RAPN (AR-RAPN), compared with standard ultrasound (US).Design, setting, and participants: A retrospective study was conducted, including 91 patients who underwent RAPN for complex renal tumours, 48 with 3D AR guidance and 43 with 2D US guidance, from July 2017 to May 2019.Surgical procedure: In patients who underwent 3D AR-RAPN, virtual image overlapping guided the surgeon during resection and suture phases. In the 2D US group, interventions were driven by US only.Measurements: Patient characteristics were tested using the Fisher's exact test for categorical variables and the Mann-Whitney test for continuous ones. Intraoperative, postoperative, and surgical outcomes were collected. All results for continuous variables were expressed as medians (range), and frequencies and proportions were reported as percentages.Results and limitations: The use of 3D AR guidance makes it possible to correctly identify the lesion and intraparenchymal structures with a more accurate 3D perception of the location and the nature of the different structures relative to the standard 2D US guidance. This translates to a lower rate of global ischaemia (45.8% in the 3D group vs 69.7% in the US group; p = 0.03), higher rate of enucleation (62.5% vs 37.5% in the 3D and US groups, respectively; p = 0.02), and lower rate of collecting system violation (10.4% vs 45.5%; p = 0.003). Postoperatively, 3D AR guidance use correlates to a low risk of surgery-related complications in 3D AR groups and a lower drop in estimated renal plasma flow at renal scan at 3 mo of follow-up (-12.38 in the 3D group vs -18.14 in the US group; p = 0.01). The main limitations of this study are short follow-up time and small sample size.Conclusions: HA3D models that overlap in vivo anatomy during AR-RAPN for complex tumours can be useful for identifying the lesion and intraparenchymal structures that are difficult to visualise with US only. This translates to a potential improvement in the quality of the resection phase and a reduction in postoperative complications, with better functional recovery.Patient summary: Based on our findings, three-dimensional augmented reality robot-assisted partial nephrectomy seems to help surgeons in the management of complex renal tumours, with potential early postoperative benefits. (c) 2019 European Association of Urology. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of three-dimensional augmented reality (AR) in robot-assisted partial nephrectomy for complex renal tumors. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are patients with complex renal tumors, and the study focuses on surgical outcomes rather than fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Pourmand, A., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Videogame-Related Illness and Injury: A Review of the Literature and Predictions for Pokemon GO!
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 6(1): 9-18.
[Abstract] Objective: Reports of videogame-related illness and injury soon emerged in the literature with the inception of videogame systems and subsequent development of novel gaming platforms and technologies. In an effort to better detail the impacts of these phenomena and provide recommendations for injury prevention as it relates to Pokemon Go and the larger world of augmented reality games, we conducted an extensive systems-based review of past trends in videogame-related illness and injury from the literature.Materials and Methods: A literature review using PubMed, Medline, and PsycInfo databases with search terms Pokemon GO, videogame injuries, augmented reality injuries, and Nintendo Injury was performed. The search was limited to the English language, and the Boolean were used to combine the search terms.Results: The literature search yielded 359 peer-reviewed articles, 44 of which met the study criteria and included in the review. Seventeen additional popular press reports detailing injuries related to Pokemon Go were also incorporated. Videogame-related injuries and illness include both physical trauma as well as psychological and behavioral disorder with unique patterns of injury and illness linked to specific gaming platforms.Conclusions: As videogames become increasingly advanced and immersive, they expose players to unique and often more serious injury and illness. Augmented reality games, such as Pokemon GO, are the next step in the evolution of this trend and likely portend a future in which many pathologic processes may become increasingly common.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a review of the literature on videogame-related illness and injury, with a focus on augmented reality games like Pokemon GO. It does not specifically target older people, nor does it discuss the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study is a literature review, which does not meet the criteria for randomized controlled trials with reported results.

[Author]   Pouyan, A. E., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    The elderly wayfinding performance in an informative healthcare design indoors.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BUILDING ENGINEERING 87.
[Abstract] This study examines the influence of architectural design elements and age on the wayfinding performance (WP) of older adults in healthcare circulation patterns. The study was conducted at Milad Hospital in Tehran, Iran, and included the Emergency, Outpatient, Clinics, and Inpatient wards. The study used a quantitative research method to investigate and virtual reality (VR) to simulate. Wayfinders were shown the circulation patterns of five types of healthcare circulations in virtual reality (VR) using two design approaches: high indicative features (the most guiding design aids) and a neutral environment (the fewest design aids). The study revealed that architectural design elements and age influence users ' WP. Initially, it is worth noting that the mentalperceptual conditions of users in both groups were almost indistinguishable. However, the records of the elderly group (from 66 to 82 years) indicated a lower frequency of environmental design aid scenes (base design), which enabled them to more effectively identify and focus on locating the destination points. Nevertheless, the control group, consisting of younger individuals (from 18 to 39 years), exhibited superior and more efficient performance than their senior counterparts. When the users of both groups perceived the route to be challenging to traverse, their performance dropped, and they felt disoriented and anxious. Also, the Corridor circulation pattern exhibited a relatively low level of navigational complexity. Overall, the results suggest that architects should prioritize the design of circulation routes that are easily recognizable and highlight prominent features while considering the cognitive and perceptual needs of the elderly population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the wayfinding performance of older adults in a healthcare setting, using virtual reality (VR) to simulate different architectural design elements. The intervention does not target fall prevention, and the study is not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Powell, D. L. and G. G. Rosenthal (2017). 
[Title]    What artifice can and cannot tell us about animal behavior.
[Journal]  CURRENT ZOOLOGY 63(1): 21-26.
[Abstract] Artifice-the manipulation of social and environmental stimuli-is fundamental to research in animal behavior. State-of-the-art techniques have been developed to generate and present complex visual stimuli. These techniques have unique strengths and limitations. However, many of the issues with synthetic animation and virtual reality are common to playback experiments in general, including those using unmanipulated video or auditory stimuli. Playback experiments, in turn, fall into the broader category of experiments that artificially manipulate the array of stimuli experienced by a subject. We argue that the challenges of designing and interpreting experiments using virtual reality or synthetic animations are largely comparable to those of studies using older technologies or addressing other modalities, and that technology alone is unlikely to solve these challenges. We suggest that appropriate experimental designs are the key to validating behavioral responses to artificial stimuli and to interpreting all studies using artifice, including those that present complex visual displays.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The abstract discusses the use of artifice, including virtual reality and synthetic animations, in the context of animal behavior research. It does not mention older people, exergames, or fall prevention.

[Author]   Pradegan, N., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Ten years of pediatric congenital heart disease surgery in a Caribbean nation.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF CARDIOLOGY CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE 7.
[Abstract] Background: Socioeconomical limitations in developing countries make congenital heart disease surgery (CHDs) a challenge that often relays on humanitarian efforts. We aimed to describe the evolution of an established pediatric CHDs program in the Dominican Republic and the impact of international medical missions (IMM) on its sustainability.Methods: Data of cases operated from 2009 to 2018 were analyzed using Pearson's chi-squared test to study trends between a 5-year implementation period (T1) January 2009-December 2013, and subsequent consolidation (T2) January 2014-December 2018.Results: 1344 consecutive patients were intervened: T1 = 278 (21%), age 7 +/- 5 years, F 51%, mean 56 cases/year; T2 = 1066 (79%), age 5 +/- 4 years, F 49%, mean 213 cases/year (p < 0.001 T1 vs. T2); T1 RACHS>2 interventions occurred at a mean of 11/year, and 27/year during T2 (p < 0.05); there was an increase in operated children <1 year of age [T1 = 32 (12%) vs. T2 = 299 (28%) p = 0.0001]. During T1, IMM cases accounted for 198 (71%) and 92 (9%) during T2 (p < 0.001). Yearly mortality varied in parallel to case complexity, however no difference in cumulative mortality was observed T1 vs. T2 (figure).Conclusions: In this CHDs program, there was robust growth without negatively impacting outcomes while IMM participation dropped. Integration of local and regional networks may facilitate reproducing these findings.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about pediatric congenital heart disease surgery in the Dominican Republic and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are children, not older people, and the focus is on surgical outcomes and international medical missions, not exergames.

[Author]   Prasertsakul, T., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    The effect of virtual reality-based balance training on motor learning and postural control in healthy adults: a randomized preliminary study.
[Journal]  BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING ONLINE 17.
[Abstract] Background: Adults with sedentary lifestyles seem to face a higher risk of falling in their later years. Several causes, such as impairment of strength, coordination, and cognitive function, influence worsening health conditions, including balancing ability. Many modalities can be applied to improve the balance function and prevent falling. Several studies have also recorded the effects of balance training in elderly adults for fall prevention. Accordingly, the aim of this study is to define the effect of virtual reality-based balance training on motor learning and postural control abilities in healthy adults.Methods: For this study, ten subjects were randomly allocated into either the conventional exercise (CON) or the virtual reality (VR) group. The CON group underwent physical balance training, while the VR group used the virtual reality system 4 weeks. In the VR group, the scores from three game modes were utilized to describe the effect of motor learning and define the learning curves that were derived with the power law function. Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test was performed to analyze the postural control in five standing tasks, and data were collected with the help of a force plate.Results: The average score was used to describe the effect of motor learning by deriving the mathematical models for determining the learning curve. Additionally, the models were classified into two exponential functions that relied on the aim and requirement skills. A negative exponential function was observed in the game mode, which requires the cognitive-motor function. In contrast, a positive exponential function was found in the game with use of only the motor skill. Moreover, this curve and its model were also used to describe the effect of learning in the long term and the ratio of difficulty in each game. In the balance performance, there was a significant decrease in the center of pressure parameters in the VR group, while in the CON group, there was a significant increase in the parameters during some foot placements, especially in the medio-lateral direction.Conclusion: The proposed VR-based training relies on the effect of motor learning in long-term training though different kinds of task training. In postural analysis, both exercise programs are emphasized to improve the balance ability in healthy adults. However, the virtual reality system can promote better outcomes to improve postural control post exercising.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effect of virtual reality-based balance training on motor learning and postural control in healthy adults, but it does not specifically target older people. The study focuses on healthy adults in general, and the criteria for judgment require that the intervention targets include older people. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Prince, S. A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Sedentary behaviour surveillance in Canada: trends, challenges and lessons learned.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF BEHAVIORAL NUTRITION AND PHYSICAL ACTIVITY 17(1).
[Abstract] Background Historical changes in the nature of sedentary activities have been observed in other countries, but it is not clear if similar trends exist in Canada. It is also unclear how changes in the measurement of sedentary behaviour affects national estimates. Our objective is to document all sources and measures of sedentary behaviour from Canadian, nationally representative surveys, and report on selected estimates of time spent in sedentary activities. Lessons learned can benefit the wider international surveillance community. Methods We describe and document all data sources of sedentary behaviour at the national level in Canada, and report on selected prevalence data from repeated cross-sectional surveys. We summarize amounts of total device-assessed sedentary time and self-reported sedentary activities (e.g., passive travel, leisure television, computer, video games, screen, and reading) by age group over time. Results Nineteen national surveys were identified. Changes in questions and/or response categories precluded direct assessment of trends over time for some measures; however, certain trends were observed. Accelerometer-measured sedentary time, leisure reading (among those < 50 years) and television/video viewing in younger age groups have remained relatively stable (with a possible slight decline in television/video viewing). Time spent in passive travel and leisure computer and electronic device use appears to have increased. Television and video viewing appears to have increased in older adults while their leisure reading appears to have fallen. Conclusions Changes in measurement of sedentary behaviour can affect estimates and reduce comparability over time. Total leisure screen use appears to have increased over time, reflecting the ways in which Canadians spend their free time and technological advances. The main public health message is the need for continued efforts to reduce leisure screen use, especially among youth and older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the surveillance and trends of sedentary behavior in Canada, including various sedentary activities such as passive travel, leisure television, computer, video games, screen time, and reading. It does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study also does not report on a randomized controlled trial or an intervention targeting older people with exergames.

[Author]   Proffitt, R., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    A Comparison of Older Adults' Subjective Experiences With Virtual and Real Environments During Dynamic Balance Activities.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF AGING AND PHYSICAL ACTIVITY 23(1): 24-33.
[Abstract] The purpose of this study was to explore the subjective experience of older adults interacting with both virtual and real environments. Thirty healthy older adults engaged with real and virtual tasks of similar motor demands: reaching to a target in standing and stepping stance. Immersive tendencies and absorption scales were administered before the session. Game engagement and experience questionnaires were completed after each task, followed by a semistructured interview at the end of the testing session. Data were analyzed respectively using paired t tests and grounded theory methodology. Participants preferred the virtual task over the real task. They also reported an increase in presence and absorption with the virtual task, describing an external focus of attention. Findings will be used to inform future development of appropriate game-based balance training applications that could be embedded in the home or community settings as part of evidence-based fall prevention programs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the subjective experiences of older adults when interacting with virtual and real environments during dynamic balance activities. While it mentions that the findings could inform the future development of game-based balance training applications for fall prevention, the study itself does not involve an exergame intervention or report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Proffitt, R., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Safety and Feasibility of a First-Person View, Full-Body Interaction Game for Telerehabilitation Post-Stroke.
[Journal]  International journal of telerehabilitation 10(1): 29-36.
[Abstract] This study explored the feasibility and safety of pairing the Microsoft Kinect sensor with the Oculus Rift Head Mounted Display (HMD) as a telerehabilitation technology platform for persons post-stroke. To test initial safety, fourteen participants without disabilities (age 30 ± 8.8 years) engaged in a game-based task using the Microsoft Kinect with a first-person view using the Oculus Rift. These tasks were repeated for five participants post-stroke (age 56 ± 3.0 years). No significant adverse events occurred in either study population. When using the Oculus Rift HMD, three participants without disabilities reported dizziness and nausea. All of the participants post-stroke required hands-on assistance for balance and fall prevention. The intensive nature of physical support necessary for this type of interaction limits the application as a telerehabilitation intervention. Given the increasing availability of HMDs for commercial use, it is crucial that the safety of immersive games and technologies for telerehabilitation is fully explored.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the safety and feasibility of using a combination of the Microsoft Kinect sensor and the Oculus Rift HMD for telerehabilitation in post-stroke patients. While it does mention that participants post-stroke required hands-on assistance for balance and fall prevention, the primary focus is not on preventing falls in the elderly, and the study does not meet the criteria for an exergame intervention targeting older people. Additionally, the study does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Prohn, M. J. and B. Herbig (2020). 
[Title]    Evaluating the effects of a simulator-based training on knowledge, attitudes and driving profiles of German ambulance drivers.
[Journal]  ACCIDENT ANALYSIS AND PREVENTION 138.
[Abstract] Introduction: Accident risk is increased for emergency responders driving with warning lights and sirens compared to other road users' driving. Currently no standards for education of ambulance drivers exist. Research shows that high order understanding trainings focusing on insight to avoid critical driving situations might be more helpful than trainings focusing on car handling. The present controlled intervention study evaluates a one-day simulator-based high order training program specifically designed for ambulance drivers.Methods: In a longitudinal design with three measurement times multiple methods were used to evaluate the training holistically targeting the levels of reaction to training, learning, behavior and results of training. Questionnaire, knowledge test and driving profile data were analyzed with repeated measures analysis of variance controlling for age and sex. Data of two intervention groups and one control-waiting group was collected between 2014 and 2017 in two German federal states.Results: 183 German paramedics (age: M = 33.1, SD = 9.4, 21.9 % female) participated in the study. 147 participants (80.3 %) completed post-training tests, and 30 participants (16.4 %) completed follow-up measurements six months after training. Participants' reaction to training was positive directly after the training, and dropped slightly over time. Intervention group participants gained traffic-relevant knowledge compared to control group participants. Risk sensitivity of regular driving situations was the only attitude variable positively affected by training. This effect was not sustained six months after training. Training led to a decrease of average and maximum speed in short- as well as long-term measurements but did not affect drivers' acceleration. Although speed was lower in post-tests, emergency response times did not differ.Conclusion: The simulator-based training for paramedics has small but notable effects on drivers' knowledge, attitudes and real driving behavior. Although only very few measured variables showed positive training effects, no negative training effects were found. Speed was reduced in the long term which underlines the importance of such a training. More research is needed to determine effects on different types of participants and to elicit framework conditions for training integration in formal education.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets ambulance drivers, and the focus is on a simulator-based training program to improve their driving skills and knowledge. The study does not involve older people, exergames, or fall prevention.

[Author]   Proud, J. K., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    The highs and lows of lifting loads: SPM analysis of multi-segmental spine angles in healthy adults during manual handling with increased load.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN BIOENGINEERING AND BIOTECHNOLOGY 12.
[Abstract] Introduction: Manual handling personnel and those performing manual handling tasks in non-traditional manual handling industries continue to suffer debilitating and costly workplace injuries. Smart assistive devices are one solution to reducing musculoskeletal back injuries. Devices that provide targeted assistance need to be able to predict when and where to provide augmentation via predictive algorithms trained on functional datasets. The aim of this study was to describe how an increase in load impacts spine kinematics during a ground-to-platform manual handling task. Methods: Twenty-nine participants performed ground-to-platform lifts for six standardised loading conditions (50%, 60%, 70%, 80%, 90%, and 100% of maximum lift capacity). Six thoracic and lumbar spine segments were measured using inertial measurement units that were processed using an attitude-heading-reference filter and normalised to the duration of the lift. The lift was divided into four phases weight-acceptance, standing, lift-to-height and place-on-platform. Statistical significance of sagittal angles from the six spine segments were identified through statistical parametric mapping one-way analysis of variance with repeated measures and post hoc paired t-tests. Results: Two regions of interest were identified during a period of peak flexion and a period of peak extension. There was a significant increase in spine range of motion and peak extension angle for all spine segments when the load conditions were increased (p < 0.001). There was a decrease in spine angles (more flexion) during the weight acceptance to standing phase at the upper thoracic to upper lumbar spine segments for some condition comparisons. A significant increase in spine angles (more extension) during the place-on-platform phase was seen in all spine segments when comparing heavy loads (>80% maximum lift capacity, inclusive) to light loads (<80% maximum lift capacity) (p < 0.001). Discussion: The 50%-70% maximum lift capacity conditions being significantly different from heavier load conditions is representative that the kinematics of a lift do change consistently when a participant's load is increased. The understanding of how changes in loading are reflected in spine angles could inform the design of targeted assistance devices that can predict where and when in a task assistance may be needed, possibly reducing instances of back injuries in manual handling personnel.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the impact of increased load on spine kinematics during manual handling tasks in healthy adults. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not a randomized controlled trial focused on preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Pu, S., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Bioinspired sweating with temperature sensitive hydrogel to passively dissipate heat from high-end wearable electronics.
[Journal]  ENERGY CONVERSION AND MANAGEMENT 180: 747-756.
[Abstract] Thermal issues limit the application and development of electronic technique. In this work, temperature-sensitive poly (N-isopropylacrylamide) (PNIPA) hydrogel is used to dissipate heat for high-heat-flux thermal management (1555.5 W/m(2)) of uneven hotspots in virtual reality (VR) device by mimicking the phenomenon of biological sweating. This bioinspired method has an excellent heat dissipation effect, which significantly reduces the temperatures of the VR chips and the external surface. In addition, the heat transfer coefficient produced by hydrogel perspiration is more than twice that of the natural convection and radiation, resulting in a significant increase in cooling effect, and it can operate efficiently even in an environment with a relative humidity of 1. The heat dissipation control mechanism of this cooling method under different heat flux and the key factors under different mechanisms are analyzed. Besides, the hydrogel exhibited excellent stability. After 450 h of high-temperature and high-humidity (90 degrees C, 85%RH) aging tests and 60 cycles of fatigue tests, hydrogels still maintained a high water content and good swelling properties. The research results suggest that bio-inspired sweat cooling method is an effective and stable thermal management technology for VR devices, which indicates a new approach to address the obstacles of thermal management for development and application of electronic devices and even other heating objects.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on a bioinspired sweating method using temperature-sensitive hydrogel to dissipate heat from high-end wearable electronics, specifically virtual reality (VR) devices. While it mentions VR, the primary focus is on thermal management and cooling technology, not on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention does not target older people, and there are no randomized controlled trials or results related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Pua, Y.-H., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Evaluation of the Wii Balance Board for Walking Aids Prediction: Proof-of-Concept Study in Total Knee Arthroplasty.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 10(1).
[Abstract] Background and ObjectivesTo provide proof-of-concept for the validity of the Wii Balance Board (WBB) measures to predict the type of walking aids required by inpatients with a recent (<= 4days) total knee arthroplasty (TKA).MethodsA cross-sectional sample of 89 inpatients (mean age, 67.0 +/- 8years) with TKA was analyzed. A multivariable proportional odds prediction model was constructed using 8 pre-specified predictors - namely, age, sex, body mass index, knee pain, knee range-of-motion, active knee lag, and WBB-derived standing balance. The type of walking aids prescribed on day 4 post-surgery was the outcome of interest - an ordinal variable with 4 categories (walking stick, narrow-and broad-base quadstick, and walking frame).ResultsWomen, increasing body mass index, and poorer standing balance were independently associated with greater odds for requiring walking aids with a larger base-of-support. The concordance-index of the prediction model was 0.74. The model comprising only WBB-derived standing balance had nearly half (44%) the explanatory power of the full model. Adding WBB-derived standing balance to conventional demographic and knee variables resulted in a continuous net reclassification index of 0.60 (95% CI, 0.19-1.01), predominantly due to better identification of patients who required walking aids with a large base-of-support (sensitivity gain).ConclusionsThe WBB was able to provide quantitative measures of standing balance which could assist healthcare professionals in prescribing the appropriate type of walking aids for patients. Further investigation is needed to assess whether using the WBB could lead to meaningful changes in clinical outcomes such as falls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using the Wii Balance Board (WBB) to predict the type of walking aids required by inpatients with total knee arthroplasty. While the WBB is a component of exergames, the study does not involve an exergame intervention, and it does not specifically target fall prevention. Additionally, the study design is a cross-sectional analysis, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Punt, M., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Virtual obstacle crossing: Reliability and differences in stroke survivors who prospectively experienced falls or no falls.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 58: 533-538.
[Abstract] Introduction: Stroke survivors often fall during walking. To reduce fall risk, gait testing and training with avoidance of virtual obstacles is gaining popularity. However, it is unknown whether and how virtual obstacle crossing is associated with fall risk.Aim: The present study assessed whether obstacle crossing characteristics are reliable and assessed differences in stroke survivors who prospectively experienced falls or no falls.Method: We recruited twenty-nine community dwelling chronic stroke survivors. Participants crossed five virtual obstacles with increasing lengths. After a break, the test was repeated to assess test-retest reliability. For each obstacle length and trial, we determined; success rate, leading limb preference, pre and post obstacle distance, margins of stability, toe clearance, and crossing step length and speed. Subsequently, fall incidence was monitored using a fall calendar and monthly phone calls over a six-month period.Results: Test-retest reliability was poor, but improved with increasing obstacle-length. Twelve participants reported at least one fall. No association of fall incidence with any of the obstacle crossing characteristics was found.Discussion: Given the absence of height of the virtual obstacles, obstacle avoidance may have been relatively easy, allowing participants to cross obstacles in multiple ways, increasing variability of crossing characteristics and reducing the association with fall risk.Conclusion: These finding cast some doubt on current protocols for testing and training of obstacle avoidance in stroke rehabilitation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on stroke survivors and the reliability of virtual obstacle crossing as a method to assess fall risk. While it does involve a form of virtual reality, the study is not specifically about using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial, and it primarily aims to assess the reliability and differences in virtual obstacle crossing characteristics rather than testing an intervention for fall prevention.

[Author]   Purcell, N. L., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    The Effects of Dual-Task Cognitive Interference and Environmental Challenges on Balance in Huntington's Disease.
[Journal]  MOVEMENT DISORDERS CLINICAL PRACTICE 6(3): 202-212.
[Abstract] Background Huntington's disease (HD) is characterized by chorea, balance and gait impairments, and cognitive deficits, which increase fall risk. Dual task (DT) and environmentally challenging paradigms reflect balance related to everyday life. Furthermore, the impact of cognitive deficits on balance dysfunction and falls in HD is unknown. Objective To determine the impact of DT interference, sensory feedback, and cognitive performance on balance and falls in HD. Methods Seventeen participants with HD (55 +/- 9.7 years) and 17 age-matched controls (56.5 +/- 9.3 years) underwent quantitative balance testing with APDM inertial sensors. Postural sway was assessed during conditions of manipulated stance, vision, proprioception, and cognitive demand. The DT was a concurrent verbal fluency task. Neuropsychological assessments testing multiple cognitive domains were also administered. Results HD participants exhibited significantly greater total sway area, jerk, and variability under single-task (ST) and DT conditions compared to controls (P = 0.0002 - < 0.0001). They also demonstrated greater DT interference with vision removed for total sway area (P = 0.01) and variability (P = 0.02). Significantly worse postural control was observed in HD with vision removed and reduced proprioception (P = 0.001 - 0.01). Decreased visuospatial performance correlated with greater total sway and jerk (P = 0.01; 0.009). No balance parameters correlated with retrospective falls in HD. Conclusions HD participants have worse postural control under DT, limited proprioception/vision, and greater DT interference with a narrowed base and no visual input. These findings may have implications for designing motor and cognitive strategies to improve balance in HD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of dual-task cognitive interference and environmental challenges on balance in individuals with Huntington's disease, using quantitative balance testing and neuropsychological assessments. It does not mention the use of exergames or any virtual reality, video games, or electronic games as an intervention. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial, and it does not specifically target older people for fall prevention.

[Author]   Qurat ul, a., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Comparison of a single session of tDCS on cerebellum vs. motor cortex in stroke patients: a randomized sham-controlled trial.
[Journal]  ANNALS OF MEDICINE 55(2).
[Abstract] Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine whether a single session of trans-cranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the cerebellum and M1 has any advantages over one another or sham stimulation in terms of balance, gait and lower limb function.Methods: A total of 66 patients who had experienced their first ever stroke were recruited into three groups for this double-blinded, parallel, randomized, sham-controlled trial: cerebellar stimulation group (CbSG), M1 stimulation group (MSG) and sham stimulation group (SSG). A single session of anodal tDCS with an intensity of 2 mA for a duration of 20 min was administered in addition to gait and balance training based on virtual reality using an Xbox 360 with Kinect. Balance, gait, cognition and risk of fall were assessed using outcome measures before intervention (T0), immediately after intervention (T1) and an hour after intervention (T2).Results: Across group analysis of all outcome measures showed statistically non-significant results (p > .05) except for Six Minute Walk Test (p value T0 = .003, p value T1 = .025, p value T2 = .016). The training effect difference showed a significant difference in balance, gait and cognition, as well as cerebral and cerebellar stimulation, in comparison to sham stimulation (p < .05). The risk of falls remained unaffected by any stimulation (p > .05).Conclusions: In addition to Xbox Kinect-based rehabilitation training, a single session of anodal tDCS to the M1 or cerebellum may be beneficial for improving lower limb function, balance and gait performance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of trans-cranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on balance, gait, and lower limb function in stroke patients, with a single session of virtual reality-based training using an Xbox 360 with Kinect. The intervention targets are stroke patients, not older people, and the primary focus is on tDCS rather than the exergame itself. Additionally, the risk of falls was not significantly affected by the intervention.

[Author]   Qurat ul, a., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Short term effects of anodal cerebellar vs. anodal cerebral transcranial direct current stimulation in stroke patients, a randomized control trial.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN NEUROSCIENCE 16.
[Abstract] BackgroundBalance and gait impairments are major motor deficits in stroke patients that require intensive neuro-rehabilitation. Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation is a neuro-modulatory technique recently used in stroke patients for balance and gait improvement. Majority of studies focusing on tDCS have assessed its effects on cerebral motor cortex and more recently cerebellum as well but to our best knowledge the comparison of stimulating these two regions in stroke patients is not investigated so far. ObjectiveThe current study aimed to compare the effect of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on cerebellar and cerebral motor cortex M1 in stroke patients. Materials and methodsThis double-blinded, parallel, randomized, sham controlled trial included 66 patients with a first-ever ischemic stroke were recruited into three groups; Cerebellar stimulation group (CbSG), M1 Stimulation Group (MSG), and Sham stimulation group (SSG). A total of three sessions of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation were given on consecutive days in addition to non-immersive virtual reality using Xbox 360 with kinect. Anodal tDCS with an intensity of 2 mA was applied for a duration of 20 min. Primary outcome measures berg balance scale (BBS), timed up and go test (TUG), BESTest Balance Evaluation-Systems Test (BESTest) and secondary outcomes measures montreal cognitive assessment (MoCA), mini mental state examination (MMSE), Johns Hopkins Fall Risk Assessment Tool (JHFRAT), twenty five feet walk test (25FWT), six minute walk test (6MWT), and tDCS Adverse Effects was assessed before initiation of treatment (T0) and at the end of third session of stimulation (T1). ResultsThe results of between group's analysis using mean difference showed a significant difference with p-value <0.05 for balance (BBS, TUG, BESTest), walking ability (6MWT, 25FWT), risk of fall (JHFRAT). Cognitive function did not show any significant change among the groups for MoCA with p-value >0.05 but MMSE was improved having significant p-value (p = 0.013). However, 6MWT and 25FWT showed non-significant results for both between group and within group analysis. In pairwise comparison both the cerebellar and cerebral stimulation groups showed Significant difference with p-value <0.05 in comparison to sham stimulation; BBS (cerebellar vs. sham p <= 0.001, cerebral vs. sham p = 0.011), TUG (cerebellar vs. sham p = 0.001, cerebral vs. sham p = 0.041), Bestest (cerebellar vs. sham p = 0.007, cerebral vs. sham p = 0.003). Whereas for JHFRAT only cerebellar stimulation in comparison to sham and motor cortex stimulation showed significant improvements (cerebellar vs. M1 p = 0.037, cerebellar vs. sham p = 0.037). MMSE showed significant improvement in M1 stimulation (M1 vs. cerebellar p = 0.036, M1 vs. sham p = 0.011). ConclusionFindings of the study suggest anodal tDCS stimulation of the cerebellum and cerebral motor cortex both improves gait, balance and risk of fall in stroke patients. However, both stimulation sites do not induce any notable improvement in cognitive function. Effects of both stimulation sites have similar effects on mobility in stroke patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets stroke patients, and the primary focus is on the effects of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on the cerebellum and cerebral motor cortex. Although non-immersive virtual reality using Xbox 360 with Kinect is mentioned, it is used in conjunction with tDCS, and the main intervention and analysis are centered around tDCS. Additionally, the study does not specifically target older people, and the primary outcomes are related to balance, gait, and fall risk in stroke patients, rather than the prevention of falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Radhakrishnan, K., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Sensor-Controlled Digital Game for Heart Failure Self-management: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  JMIR RESEARCH PROTOCOLS 12.
[Abstract] Background: Heart failure (HF) is the leading cause of hospitalization among older adults in the United States. There are substantial racial and geographic disparities in HF outcomes, with patients living in southern US states having a mortality rate 69% higher than the national average. Self-management behaviors, particularly daily weight monitoring and physical activity, are extremely important in improving HF outcomes; however, patients typically have particularly low adherence to these behaviors. With the rise of digital technologies to improve health outcomes and motivate health behaviors, sensor-controlled digital games (SCDGs) have become a promising approach. SCDGs, which leverage sensor-connected technologies, offer the benefits of being portable and scalable and allowing for continuous observation and motivation of health behaviors in their real-world contexts. They are also becoming increasingly popular among older adults and offer an immersive and accessible way to measure self-management behaviors and improve adherence. No SCDGs have been designed for older adults or evaluated to test their outcomes.Objective: This randomized clinical trial aims to assess the efficacy of a SCDG in integrating the behavioral data of participants with HF from weight scale and activity tracker sensors to activate game progress, rewards, and feedback and, ultimately, to improve adherence to important self-management behaviors. Methods: A total of 200 participants with HF, aged & GE;45 years, will be recruited and randomized into 2 groups: the SCDG playing group (intervention group) and sensor-only group (control group). Both groups will receive a weight scale, physical activity tracker, and accompanying app, whereas only the intervention group will play the SCDG. This design, thereby, assesses the contributions of the game. All participants will complete a baseline survey as well as posttests at 6 and 12 weeks to assess the immediate effect of the intervention. They will also complete a third posttest at 24 weeks to assess the maintenance of behavioral changes. Efficacy and benefits will be assessed by measuring improvements in HF-related proximal outcomes (self-management behaviors of daily weight monitoring and physical activity) and distal outcomes (HF hospitalization, quality of life, and functional status) between baseline and weeks 6, 12, and 24. The primary outcome measured will be days with weight monitoring, for which this design provides at least 80% power to detect differences between the 2 groups.Results: Recruitment began in the fall of 2022, and the first patient was enrolled in the study on November 7, 2022. Recruitment of the last participant is expected in quarter 1 of 2025. Publication of complete results and data from this study is expected in 2026.Conclusions: This project will generate insight and guidance for scalable and easy-to-use digital gaming solutions to motivate persistent adherence to HF self-management behaviors and improve health outcomes among individuals with HF. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05056129; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT05056129
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a sensor-controlled digital game to improve heart failure self-management behaviors in older adults. While it does involve an intervention that uses a digital game and targets older people, the primary focus is on improving adherence to self-management behaviors such as daily weight monitoring and physical activity for heart failure, rather than preventing falls. Additionally, the study is a protocol for a randomized controlled trial, and the results are not yet reported. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Raffegeau, T. E., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Walking (and talking) the plank: dual-task performance costs in a virtual balance-threatening environment.
[Journal]  EXPERIMENTAL BRAIN RESEARCH 242(5): 1237-1250.
[Abstract] We evaluated the effects of engaging in extemporaneous speech in healthy young adults while they walked in a virtual environment meant to elicit low or high levels of mobility-related anxiety. We expected that mobility-related anxiety imposed by a simulated balance threat (i.e., virtual elevation) would impair walking behavior and lead to greater dual-task costs. Altogether, 15 adults (age = 25.6 +/- 4.7 yrs, 7 women) walked at their self-selected speed within a VR environment that simulated a low (ground) and high elevation (15 m) setting while speaking extemporaneously (dual-task) or not speaking (single-task). Likert-scale ratings of cognitive and somatic anxiety, confidence, and mental effort were evaluated and gait speed, step length, and step width, as well as the variability of each, was calculated for every trial. Silent speech pauses (> 150 ms) were determined from audio recordings to infer the cognitive costs of extemporaneous speech planning at low and high virtual elevation. Results indicated that the presence of a balance threat and the inclusion of a concurrent speech task both perturbed gait kinematics, but the virtual height illusion led to increased anxiety and mental effort and a decrease in confidence. The extemporaneous speech pauses were longer on average when walking, but no effects of virtual elevation were reported. Trends toward interaction effects arose in self-reported responses, with participants reporting more comfort walking at virtual heights if they engaged in extemporaneous speech. Walking at virtual elevation and while talking may have independent and significant effects on gait; both effects were robust and did not support an interaction when combined (i.e., walking and talking at virtual heights). The nature of extemporaneous speech may have distracted participants from the detrimental effects of walking in anxiety-inducing settings.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on young adults (average age 25.6 years) and examines the effects of engaging in extemporaneous speech while walking in a virtual environment. It does not target older people, nor is it specifically about an exergame intervention aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Raffegeau, T. E., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    The effect of mobility-related anxiety on walking across the lifespan: a virtual reality simulation study.
[Journal]  EXPERIMENTAL BRAIN RESEARCH 241(7): 1757-1768.
[Abstract] Older adults who report a fear of falling are more likely to subsequently fall, yet, some gait anxiety-related alterations may protect balance. We examined the effect of age on walking in anxiety-inducing virtual reality (VR) settings. We predicted a high elevation-related postural threat would impair gait in older age, and differences in cognitive and physical function would relate to the observed effects. Altogether, 24 adults (age (y) = 49.2 (18.7), 13 women) walked on a 2.2-m walkway at self-selected and fast speeds at low (ground) and high (15 m) VR elevation. Self-reported cognitive and somatic anxiety and mental effort were greater at high elevations (all p < 0.001), but age- and speed-related effects were not observed. At high VR elevations, participants walked slower, took shorter steps, and reduced turning speed (all p < 0.001). Significant interactions with age in gait speed and step length showed that relatively older adults walked slower (beta = - 0.05, p = 0.024) and took shorter steps (beta = - 0.05, p = 0.001) at self-selected speeds at high compared to low elevation settings. The effect of Age on gait speed and step length disappeared between self-selected and fast speeds and at high elevation. At self-selected speeds, older adults took shorter and slower steps at high elevation without changing step width, suggesting that in threatening settings relatively older people change gait parameters to promote stability. At fast speeds, older adults walked like relatively younger adults (or young adults walked like older adults) supporting the notion that people opt to walk faster in a way that still protects balance and stability in threatening settings.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older adults and a virtual reality (VR) setting, the focus is on examining the effect of mobility-related anxiety on walking, rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls. The study does not report on a randomized controlled trial with the aim of preventing falls through exergaming.

[Author]   Raffegeau, T. E., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    The feasibility of using virtual reality to induce mobility-related anxiety during turning.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 77: 6-13.
[Abstract] The fear of falling, or mobility-related anxiety, profoundly affects gait, but is challenging to study without risk to participants. Purpose: To determine the efficacy of using virtual reality (VR) to manipulate illusions of height and consequently, elevated mobility-related anxiety when turning. Moreover, we examined if mobility-related anxiety effects decline across time in VR environments as participants habituate. Methods: Altogether, 10 healthy participants (five women, mean (standard deviation) age = 28.5 (8.5) years) turned at self-selected and fast speeds on a 2.2m walkway under two simulated environments: (1) ground elevation; and (2) high elevation (15m above ground). Peak turning velocity was recorded using inertial sensors and participants rated their cognitive (i.e., worry) and somatic (i.e., tension) anxiety, confidence, and mental effort. Results: A significant Height x Speed x Trial interaction (p = 0.013) was detected for peak turning velocity. On average, the virtual height illusion decreased peak turning velocity, especially at fast speeds. At low elevation, participants decreased speed across trials, but not significantly (p = 0.381), but at high elevation, they significantly increased speed across trials (p = 0.001). At self-selected speeds, no effects were revealed (all p > 0.188) and only effects for Height were observed for fast speeds (p < 0.001). After turning at high elevation, participants reported greater cognitive (p = 0.008) and somatic anxiety (p = 0.007), reduced confidence (p = 0.021), and greater mental effort (p < 0.001) compared to the low elevation. Conclusion: VR can safely induce mobility-related anxiety during dynamic motor tasks, and habituation effects from repeated exposure should be carefully considered in experimental designs and analysis.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the feasibility of using virtual reality (VR) to induce mobility-related anxiety during turning, and it does not target older people. Additionally, the study is a feasibility analysis rather than a randomized controlled trial, and it does not report results related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Raffegeau, T. E., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    The direction of postural threat alters balance control when standing at virtual elevation.
[Journal]  EXPERIMENTAL BRAIN RESEARCH 238(11): 2653-2663.
[Abstract] Anxiogenic settings lead to reduced postural sway while standing, but anxiety-related balance may be influenced by the location of postural threat in the environment. We predicted that the direction of threat would elicit a parallel controlled manifold relative to the standing surface, and an orthogonal uncontrolled manifold during standing. Altogether, 14 healthy participants (8 women, mean age = 27.5 years,SD = 8.2) wore a virtual reality (VR) headset and stood on a matched real-world walkway (2 m x 40 cm x 2 cm) for 30 s at ground level and simulated heights (elevated 15 m) in two positions: (1) parallel to walkway, lateral threat; and (2) perpendicular to walkway, anteroposterior threat. Inertial sensors measured postural sway acceleration (e.g., 95% ellipse, root mean square (RMS) of acceleration), and a wrist-worn monitor measured heart rate coefficient of variation (HR CV). Fully factorial linear-mixed effect regressions (LMER) determined the effects of height and position. HR CV moderately increased from low to high height (p = 0.050,g = 0.397). The Height x Position interaction approached significance for sway area (95% ellipse;beta = - 0.018,p = 0.062) and was significant for RMS (beta = - 0.022,p = 0.007). Post-hoc analyses revealed that sagittal plane sway accelerations and RMS increased from low to high elevation in parallel standing, but were limited when facing the threat during perpendicular standing. Postural response to threat varies depending on the direction of threat, suggesting that the control strategies used during standing are sensitive to the direction of threat.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effect of postural threat direction on balance control in a virtual reality setting, but it does not specifically target older people, nor is it an exergame intervention designed to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Raffegeau, T. E., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    A Perspective on Using Virtual Reality to Incorporate the Affective Context of Everyday Falls Into Fall Prevention.
[Journal]  JMIR AGING 6(1).
[Abstract] Virtual reality (VR) is a promising and cost-effective tool that has the potential to reduce the prevalence of falls and locomotor impairments in older adults. However, we believe that existing VR-based approaches to prevent falls do not mimic the full breadth of perceptual, cognitive, and motor demands that older adults encounter in daily life. Researchers have not yet fully leveraged VR to address affective factors related to fall risk, and how stressors such as anxiety influence older adult balance and real-world falls. In this perspective paper, we propose developing VR-based tools that replicate the affective demands of real-world falls (eg, crossing the street) to enhance fall prevention diagnostics and interventions by capturing the underlying processes that influence everyday mobility. An effort to replicate realistic scenarios that precipitate falls in VR environments will inform evidence-based diagnostics and individualize interventions in a way that could reduce falls in older adults in daily life.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a perspective piece that discusses the potential of using virtual reality (VR) to incorporate the affective context of everyday falls into fall prevention for older adults. However, it does not report on an actual intervention or randomized controlled trial. Instead, it proposes future directions for research and development in this area. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Raichlen, D. A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Effects of simultaneous cognitive and aerobic exercise training on dual-task walking performance in healthy older adults: results from a pilot randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  BMC GERIATRICS 20(1).
[Abstract] Background The ability to walk and perform cognitive tasks simultaneously is a key aspect of daily life. Performance declines in these dual-tasks may be associated with early signs of neurodegenerative disease and increased risk of falls. Thus, interventions to improve dual-task walking performance are of great interest for promoting healthy aging. Here, we present results of a pilot randomized controlled trial (RCT) to evaluate the effects of a simultaneous aerobic exercise and cognitive training intervention on dual-task walking performance in healthy older adults. Methods Community-dwelling, healthy older adults were recruited to participate in a 12-week RCT. Participants were randomized into one of four groups (n = 74): 1) cognitive training (COG), 2) aerobic exercise (EX), 3) combined aerobic exercise and cognitive training (EXCOG), and 4) video-watching control (CON). The COG and EXCOG groups both used a tablet-based cognitive training program that challenged aspects of executive cognitive function, memory, and processing speed. Performance on a dual-task walking test (DTWT; serial subtraction during two-minute walk) was assessed by researchers blinded to groupings before the intervention, and at 6 and 12 weeks. We included all participants randomized with baseline measurements in an intention to treat analysis using linear mixed effects models. Results We found a significant group by time interaction for cognitive performance on the DTWT (p = 0.039). Specifically, participants in the EXCOG, EX, and COG groups significantly improved on the cognitive aspect of the DTWT following the full 12-week intervention (p = 3.5e-7, p = 0.048, p = 0.048, respectively). The improvements in EXCOG were twice as large as in the other groups, and were significant at 6 weeks (p = 0.019). The CON group did not show a significant change in cognitive performance on the DTWT, and no group significantly altered dual-task gait measures following the intervention. Conclusions A simultaneous aerobic exercise and cognitive training intervention significantly improved cognitive performance during a DTWT in healthy older adults. Despite no change in DTWT gait measures, significant improvements in cognitive performance indicate that further investigation in a larger RCT is warranted.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study includes older adults and involves a cognitive training program, it does not specifically use an exergame (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games) as the intervention. The intervention consists of aerobic exercise and tablet-based cognitive training, which do not fit the definition of an exergame. Additionally, the primary focus is on dual-task walking performance, rather than fall prevention.

[Author]   Raipure, A. and P. Kasatwar (2022). 
[Title]    The Effects of Nintendo Wii Fit on Postural Balance Control Training in the Geriatric Population: A Review.
[Journal]  CUREUS JOURNAL OF MEDICAL SCIENCE 14(11).
[Abstract] Elderly populations who engage in consistent, moderate-intensity exercise are more physically active and have better health than elders who have a sedentary lifestyle. Ageing causes the quality and number of muscle fibres to decline, leaving them with less endurance and ability to effectively work in synchronization and less strength and stamina to support weight or keep a sound body system. Medical practitioners often use the word "balance' across many therapeutic disciplines. Balance is commonly used in conjunction with other ideas like stability and postural control. The capacity of the physiological systems to keep the centre of mass within the base of support during static and dynamic postures and to govern physical alignment in an upright position is known as 'balance: Impaired balance has a wide range of effects that can harm physical functionality. Falls in the elderly can result in hip fractures and significant morbidity and mortality. Balance dysfunction is one of the primary reasons behind decreased mobility and postural control in the elderly. It mainly affects the ability to walk and to maintain balance control in everyday life. Virtual reality (VR) can be defined as an interaction model between humans and computers that allows conventional computer-based training. It is a novel and expanding technology combining various characteristics like interactivity, independence, and rehabilitation training. These technologies replicate a seemingly natural environment. A fun and engaging aspect of VR technology is the Wii Fit games. These are enjoyable versions of the fundamental exercise and are widely used. A physiotherapy intervention programme can be structured using Wii Fit games to perform balance exercises. These games are widely used for balance training in the geriatric population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The provided abstract is a review of the literature on the effects of Nintendo Wii Fit on postural balance control training in the elderly. It does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial, and it is explicitly stated to be a review. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as specified.

[Author]   Ramachandra, G. and V. M. Nadkarni (2023). 
[Title]    Active Bleeding Control-Can Pediatricians Stem the Tide of Lives Lost From Trauma Through 'Stop the Bleed' Training?
[Journal]  INDIAN PEDIATRICS 60(6): 443-446.
[Abstract] Trauma is a global challenge and India has one of the highest trauma deaths in the world. Despite the United Nations' target to halve the global number of deaths and injuries from road traffic crashes by 2030, death tolls from road traffic injuries (RTI) are rising in India. In the pediatric age group, falls from height add to the burden of trauma. Uncontrolled bleeding from exsanguination on scene is estimated to account for nearly 40% of RTI trauma related mortality. Stopping the bleeding in the first few minutes is crucial for meaningful survival and hence the role of training lay public who can reach the scene in minutes. Active bleeding control (ABC) pilot research project to simulation train the bystanders to stop the bleed showed promising outcomes in Hyderabad, India. This paper describes the ABC project and discusses the role of pediatricians in training the public to reduce morbidity and mortality from uncontrolled bleeding at the trauma scene.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on training laypeople, including pediatricians, to control bleeding at the scene of a trauma, particularly in the context of road traffic injuries and falls from height in children. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Ramaswamy, S. M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Dexmedetomidine-induced deep sedation mimics non-rapid eye movement stage 3 sleep: large-scale validation using machine learning.
[Journal]  SLEEP 44(2).
[Abstract] Study objectives: Dexmedetomidine-induced electroencephalogram (EEG) patterns during deep sedation are comparable with natural sleep patterns. Using large-scale EEG recordings and machine learning techniques, we investigated whether dexmedetomidine-induced deep sedation indeed mimics natural sleep patterns.Methods: We used EEG recordings from three sources in this study: 8,707 overnight sleep EEG and 30 dexmedetomidine clinical trial EEG. Dexmedetomidine-induced sedation levels were assessed using the Modified Observer's Assessment of Alertness/Sedation (MOAA/S) score. We extracted 22 spectral features from each EEG recording using a multitaper spectral estimation method. Elastic-net regularization method was used for feature selection. We compared the performance of several machine learning algorithms (logistic regression, support vector machine, and random forest), trained on individual sleep stages, to predict different levels of the MOAA/S sedation state.Results: The random forest algorithm trained on non-rapid eye movement stage 3 (N3) predicted dexmedetomidine-induced deep sedation (MOAA/S = 0) with area under the receiver operator characteristics curve >0.8 outperforming other machine learning models. Power in the delta band (0-4 Hz) was selected as an important feature for prediction in addition to power in theta (4-8 Hz) and beta (16-30 Hz) bands.Conclusions: Using a large-scale EEG data-driven approach and machine learning framework, we show that dexmedetomidine-induced deep sedation state mimics N3 sleep EEG patterns.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on comparing dexmedetomidine-induced deep sedation with natural sleep patterns using EEG and machine learning techniques. It does not meet any of the criteria for the use of exergames in preventing falls in older people.

[Author]   Rambani, R., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Desktop-Bused Computer-Assisted Orthopedic Training System for Spinal Surgery.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SURGICAL EDUCATION 71(6): 805-809.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Simulation and surgical training has moved on since its inception during the end of the last century. The trainees are getting more exposed to computers and laboratory training in different subspecialties. More needs to be done in orthopedic simulation in spinal surgery.AIMS: To develop a training system for pedicle screw fixation and validate its effectiveness in a cohort of junior orthopedic trainees.TRAINING SYSTEM: Fully simulated computer-navigated training system is used to train junior orthopedic trainees perform pedide screw insertion in the lumbar spine. Real patient computed tomography scans are used to produce the real-time fluoroscopic images of the lumbar spine.MATERIAL AND METHODS: The training system was developed to simulate pedide screw insertion in the lumbar spine. A total of 12 orthopedic senior house officers performed pedide screw insertion in the lumbar spine before and after the training on training system. The results were assessed based on the scoring system, which included the amount of time taken, accuracy of pedide screw insertion, and the number of exposures requested to complete the procedure.RESULTS: The result shows a significant improvement in amount of time taken, accuracy of fixation, and the number of exposures after the training on simulator system. This was statistically significant using paired Student t test (p < 0.05).CONCLUSION: Fully simulated computer-navigated training system is an efficient training tool for young orthopedic trainees. This system can be used to augment training in the operating room, and trainees acquire their skills in the comfort of their study room or in the training room in the hospital. The system has the potential to be used in various other orthopedic procedures for learning of technical skills in a manner aimed at ensuring a smooth escalation in task complexity leading to the better performance of procedures in the operating theater. (C) 2014 Association of Program Directors in Surgery. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a computer-assisted training system for spinal surgery, specifically for pedicle screw fixation. It does not target older people, and the intervention is not an exergame. The study focuses on training junior orthopedic trainees, and the context is surgical education, not fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Randjelovic, D. and M. Pavlovic (2018). 
[Title]    The effect of acceleration on color vision.
[Journal]  VOJNOSANITETSKI PREGLED 75(6): 623-627.
[Abstract] Background/Aim. Over 80% of all information a pilot receives during the flight is visual with color perception being one of the most important visual functions for managing an aircraft. The reception of color is of high significance in aviation due to the importance of signal tracking on instrument panels as well as the importance of visual stimulus and environment signs. There is no sufficient number of papers and studies that deal with this issue, although recent studies have shown that the connection between acceleration and color perception exists. The aim of this study was to demonstrate the correlation between pilot exposure to +Gz acceleration in human centrifuge and color perception before and after acceleration exposure. Methods. Subjects of the study were 40 military pilots, aged 35-45, with 10 and 20 years of flying experience. Pilots were exposed to +Gz acceleration (inertial force acts from head to feet) in the human centrifuge for pilot training with accelerations of +2Gz, +5.5Gz up to +7Gz. The tests focused on color perception before and after the exposure to the acceleration. Results. Out of 40 pilots examined for color vision, in 35 (87.50%) had normal results in color identification before and after +Gz; 5.00% (2 subjects) had two mistakes - reading number 5 instead of number 3, which falls within the normal trichomes, and reading number 16 instead of number 26. Three subjects (7.50%) gave their answers slower than the accepted response time. After the +7Gz exposure, 34 (85%) persons had normal results in color identification, 2 (5%) subjects made three mistakes - at numbers 5, 74 and 26; one (2.50%) pilot made four mistakes on numbers 5, 7, 74 and 26; 7.50% (3 pilots) of the subjects identified colors slower. Conclusion. Color perception in pilots is unstable on high +Gz accelerations. Exposure to +5.5Gz acceleration does not lead to significant changes in color perception, while exposure to +7Gz acceleration showed a significant percentage of reversible disturbance in color perception which lasted for 10 minutes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effect of acceleration on color vision in military pilots, and does not meet any of the specified criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in older people.

[Author]   Rapos, V., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Collision avoidance behaviours between older adult and young adult walkers.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 88: 210-215.
[Abstract] Background: Collision avoidance between two walkers requires a mutual adaptation based on visual information in order to be successful. Age-related changes to visuomotor processing, kinesthetic input, and intersegmental dynamics increases the risk of collision and falls in older adults. However, few studies examine behavioural strategies in older adults during collision avoidance tasks with another pedestrian. Research question: Is there a difference between older adults' and young adults' collision avoidance behaviours with another pedestrian? Methods: Seventeen older adults (x = 68 +/- 3 years) and seventeen young adults (x = 23 +/- 2 years) walked at a comfortable walking speed along a 12.6 m pathway while avoiding another walker. Trials were randomized equally to include 20 interactions with the same age group and 21 interactions with the opposite age group. Minimum predicted distance (mpd) was used to characterize collision avoidance behaviours between older adults and young adults. Results: Older adults had riskier avoidance behaviours, passing closer to the other pedestrian (0.79 m +/- 0.18 m) compared to when two young adults were on a collision course (0.93 m +/- 0.17 m) (chi 2(3) = 35.94, p < .0001). Whenever an older adult was on a collision course with a young adult, the young adult contributed more to the avoidance regardless of passing order. Significance: The results from the current study highlight age-related effects during a collision avoidance task in older adults resulting in risky behaviour and a potential collision. Future studies should further investigate agerelated visuomotor deficits during collision avoidance tasks in cluttered environments using virtual reality in order to tease out factors that contribute most to avoidance behaviours in older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on collision avoidance behaviors between older and young adult walkers, and it does not mention any exergame or virtual reality intervention. Additionally, the study is an observational one, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Rashid, T., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    A Minority Class Balanced Approach Using the DCNN-LSTM Method to Detect Human Wrist Fracture.
[Journal]  LIFE-BASEL 13(1).
[Abstract] The emergency department of hospitals receives a massive number of patients with wrist fracture. For the clinical diagnosis of a suspected fracture, X-ray imaging is the major screening tool. A wrist fracture is a significant global health concern for children, adolescents, and the elderly. A missed diagnosis of wrist fracture on medical imaging can have significant consequences for patients, resulting in delayed treatment and poor functional recovery. Therefore, an intelligent method is needed in the medical department to precisely diagnose wrist fracture via an automated diagnosing tool by considering it a second option for doctors. In this research, a fused model of the deep learning method, a convolutional neural network (CNN), and long short-term memory (LSTM) is proposed to detect wrist fractures from X-ray images. It gives a second option to doctors to diagnose wrist facture using the computer vision method to lessen the number of missed fractures. The dataset acquired from Mendeley comprises 192 wrist X-ray images. In this framework, image pre-processing is applied, then the data augmentation approach is used to solve the class imbalance problem by generating rotated oversamples of images for minority classes during the training process, and pre-processed images and augmented normalized images are fed into a 28-layer dilated CNN (DCNN) to extract deep valuable features. Deep features are then fed to the proposed LSTM network to distinguish wrist fractures from normal ones. The experimental results of the DCNN-LSTM with and without augmentation is compared with other deep learning models. The proposed work is also compared to existing algorithms in terms of accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, precision, the F1-score, and kappa. The results show that the DCNN-LSTM fusion achieves higher accuracy and has high potential for medical applications to use as a second option.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a deep learning method (DCNN-LSTM) to detect wrist fractures from X-ray images. It does not target older people specifically, nor does it involve exergames or any form of exercise intervention. The focus is on improving the accuracy of diagnosing wrist fractures, which is unrelated to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Rauffet, P., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    The relationship between level of engagement in a non-driving task and driver response time when taking control of an automated vehicle.
[Journal]  COGNITION TECHNOLOGY & WORK 22(4): 721-731.
[Abstract] Drivers of conditionally automated vehicles may occasionally be required to take control of their vehicle due to system boundaries, but their performance in such cases might be impaired if they were engaged in non-driving tasks. In this study, we conducted an experiment in a driving simulator, where the non-driving task involved playing a video game. We tested whether, after a take-over request (TOR), driver behaviour can be predicted from measures of game engagement. A sample of 28 participants drove in two counterbalanced conditions-manual driving and automated driving-and needed to change lanes at a certain time in their trip following auditory and visual requests. In the automated condition, drivers could play an endless runner game and were instructed to deactivate the automated mode to change lanes when they received a TOR. We used the proportion of glance durations on the game and the time between game sessions as indicators of game engagement. Findings showed that drivers were highly engaged in the video game during the automated driving session (more than 70% of the time) and that the inspection of driving-related areas of interests was significantly altered by this engagement. Moreover, the two indicators of game engagement predicted drivers' response times to the TOR. Our findings suggest that indices of game engagement might assist in setting better timing for TORs and therefore, that it might be beneficial to synchronize measures of game engagement consoles with automated vehicle decision algorithms.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the relationship between engagement in a non-driving task (playing a video game) and driver response time when taking control of an automated vehicle. It does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames to prevent falls, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Ravindran, V., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Virtual Reality Support for Joint Attention Using the Floreo Joint Attention Module: Usability and Feasibility Pilot Study.
[Journal]  JMIR PEDIATRICS AND PARENTING 2(2).
[Abstract] Background: Advances in virtual reality (VR) technology offer new opportunities to design supports for the core behaviors associated with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) that promote progress toward optimal outcomes. Floreo has developed a novel mobile VR platform that pairs a user receiving instruction on target skills with an adult monitor.Objective: The primary objective of this pilot study was to explore the feasibility of using Floreo's Joint Attention Module in school-aged children with autism in a special education setting. A secondary objective was to explore a novel joint attention measure designed for use with school-aged children and to observe whether there was a suggestion of change in joint attention skills from preintervention to postintervention.Methods: A total of 12 participants (age range: 9 to 16 years) received training with the Joint Attention Module for 14 sessions over 5 weeks.Results: No serious side effects were reported, and no participants dropped out of the study because of undesirable side effects. On the basis of monitor data, 95.4% (126/132) of the time participants tolerated the headset, 95.4% (126/132) of the time participants seemed to enjoy using Floreo's platform, and 95.5% (128/134) of the time the VR experience was reported as valuable. In addition, scoring of the joint attention measure suggested a positive change in participant skills related to the total number of interactions, use of eye contact, and initiation of interactions.Conclusions: The study results suggest that Floreo's Joint Attention Module is safe and well tolerated by students with ASD, and preliminary data also suggest that its use is related to improvements in fundamental joint attention skills.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using a virtual reality (VR) platform to support joint attention skills in school-aged children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). The intervention targets, the purpose of the intervention, and the population studied do not meet the criteria for exergames aimed at preventing falls in older people.

[Author]   Reenalda, J., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Continuous three dimensional analysis of running mechanics during a marathon by means of inertial magnetic measurement units to objectify changes in running mechanics.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 49(14): 3362-3367.
[Abstract] Recent developments in wearable and wireless sensor technology allow for a continuous three dimensional analysis of running mechanics in the sport specific setting. The present study is the first to demonstrate the possibility of analyzing three dimensional (3D) running mechanics continuously, by means of inertial magnetic measurement units, to objectify changes in mechanics over the course of a marathon.Three well trained male distance runners ran a marathon while equipped with inertial magnetic measurement units on trunk, pelvis, upper legs, lower legs and feet to obtain a 3D view of running mechanics and to asses changes in running mechanics over the course of a marathon. Data were continuously recorded during the entire 42.2 km (26.2 Miles) of the Marathon. Data from the individual sensors were transmitted wirelessly to a receiver, mounted on the handlebar of an accompanying cyclist. Anatomical calibration was performed using both static and dynamic procedures and sensor orientations were thus converted to body segment orientations by means of transformation matrices obtained from the segment calibration. Joint angle (hip, knee and ankle) trajectories as well as center of mass (COM) trajectory and acceleration were derived from the sensor data after segment calibration.Data were collected and repeated measures one way ANOVA's, with Tukey post-hoc test, were used to statistically analyze differences between the defined kinematic parameters (max hip angle, peak knee flexion at mid-stance and at mid-swing, ankle angle at initial contact and COM vertical displacement and acceleration), averaged over 100 strides, between the first and the last stages (8 and 40 km) of the marathon. Significant changes in running mechanics were witnessed between the first and the last stage of the marathon.This study showed the possibility of performing a 3D kinematic analysis of the running technique, in the sport specific setting, by using inertial magnetic measurement units. For the three runners analyzed, significant changes were observed in running mechanics over the course of a marathon. The present measurement technique therefore allows for more in-depth study of running mechanics outside the laboratory setting. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about analyzing running mechanics during a marathon using inertial magnetic measurement units. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not focused on preventing falls in the elderly. The study is a kinematic analysis of running technique, which is unrelated to the use of exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Rehman, R. Z. U., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Investigating the Impact of Environment and Data Aggregation by Walking Bout Duration on Parkinson's Disease Classification Using Machine Learning.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 14.
[Abstract] Parkinson's disease (PD) is a common neurodegenerative disease. PD misdiagnosis can occur in early stages. Gait impairment in PD is typical and is linked with an increased fall risk and poorer quality of life. Applying machine learning (ML) models to real-world gait has the potential to be more sensitive to classify PD compared to laboratory data. Real-world gait yields multiple walking bouts (WBs), and selecting the optimal method to aggregate the data (e.g., different WB durations) is essential as this may influence classification performance. The objective of this study was to investigate the impact of environment (laboratory vs. real world) and data aggregation on ML performance for optimizing sensitivity of PD classification. Gait assessment was performed on 47 people with PD (age: 68 +/- 9 years) and 52 controls [Healthy controls (HCs), age: 70 +/- 7 years]. In the laboratory, participants walked at their normal pace for 2 min, while in the real world, participants were assessed over 7 days. In both environments, 14 gait characteristics were evaluated from one tri-axial accelerometer attached to the lower back. The ability of individual gait characteristics to differentiate PD from HC was evaluated using the Area Under the Curve (AUC). ML models (i.e., support vector machine, random forest, and ensemble models) applied to real-world gait showed better classification performance compared to laboratory data. Real-world gait characteristics aggregated over longer WBs (WB 30-60 s, WB > 60 s, WB > 120 s) resulted in superior discriminative performance (PD vs. HC) compared to laboratory gait characteristics (0.51 <= AUC <= 0.77). Real-world gait speed showed the highest AUC of 0.77. Overall, random forest trained on 14 gait characteristics aggregated over WBs > 60 s gave better performance (F1 score = 77.20 +/- 5.51%) as compared to laboratory results (F1 Score = 68.75 +/- 12.80%). Findings from this study suggest that the choice of environment and data aggregation are important to achieve maximum discrimination performance and have direct impact on ML performance for PD classification. This study highlights the importance of a harmonized approach to data analysis in order to drive future implementation and clinical use.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using machine learning to classify Parkinson's disease based on gait data, and it does not mention the use of exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the impact of environment and data aggregation on the performance of machine learning models for classifying Parkinson's disease.

[Author]   Reich, C. D., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Optimizing the Physical & Social Environment Within Hospitals for Patients with Dementia: a Systematic Review.
[Journal]  CANADIAN GERIATRICS JOURNAL 25(2): 222-232.
[Abstract] BackgroundAs the population ages, the number of individuals living with dementia is increasing. This has implications for the healthcare system, as people living with dementia are hospitalized more frequently and for longer periods. Because patients living with dementia are at increased risk for adverse events during admission, understanding how the acute care physical and social environments influence their outcomes is imperative. Thus, the objective of this review was to identify studies that modified the physical and/or social environment in acute care in order to improve care for hospitalized patients living with dementia.MethodsMEDLINE, Embase, and CINAHL databases were used to search for articles up to and including June 2021. PRISMA guidelines were followed. Two independent reviewers assessed citations and full texts against the following inclusion criteria: patients living with dementia/cognitive impairment, presence of a control group, and evidence of clinical or health systems outcomes. All published English-language articles meeting inclusion criteria were retrieved.ResultsFollowing the database search, 12,901 citations were retrieved with 11,334 remaining after duplication removal. Of these, 15 papers met inclusion criteria. Seven studies evaluated the physical environment (e.g., addition of electronic sensor alarms and environmental cues). The remaining studies evaluated specific programs (e.g., art, music, exercise, volunteer engagement, and virtual reality). The majority of studies were low to very low quality; only three studies were RCTs. Environmental cues may initially improve wayfinding, and exercise may reduce neuropsychiatric symptoms.ConclusionsAlthough there are several interventions, there is a lack of high-quality evidence available to determine what exactly needs to be incorporated into acute care settings to reduce adverse outcomes for patients with dementia.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that focuses on modifying the physical and social environment in acute care settings to improve care for hospitalized patients with dementia. While it mentions various interventions, including the use of virtual reality, the primary focus is not on exergames specifically for fall prevention in the elderly. Additionally, the paper is a review and does not report original data from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Reid, S., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Machine learning for automated abdominal aortic calcification scoring of DXA vertebral fracture assessment images: A pilot study.
[Journal]  BONE 148.
[Abstract] Background: Abdominal aortic calcification (AAC) identified on dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) vertebral fracture assessment (VFA) lateral spine images is predictive of cardiovascular outcomes, but is timeconsuming to perform manually. Whether this procedure can be automated using convolutional neural networks (CNNs), a class of machine learning algorithms used for image processing, has not been widely investigated.Methods: Using the Province of Manitoba Bone Density Program DXA database, we selected a random sample of 1100 VFA images from individuals qualifying for VFA as part of their osteoporosis assessment. For each scan, AAC was manually scored using the 24-point semi-quantitative scale and categorized as low (score < 2), moderate (score 2 to <6), or high (score >= 6). An ensemble consisting of two CNNs was developed, by training and evaluating separately on single-energy and dual-energy images. AAC prediction was performed using the mean AAC score of the two models.Results: Mean (SD) age of the cohort was 75.5 (6.7) years, 95.5% were female. Training (N = 770, 70%), validation (N = 110, 10%) and test sets (N = 220, 20%) were well-balanced with respect to baseline characteristics and AAC scores. For the test set, the Pearson correlation between the CNN-predicted and human-labelled scores was 0.93 with intraclass correlation coefficient for absolute agreement 0.91 (95% CI 0.89-0.93). Kappa for AAC category agreement (prevalence-and bias-adjusted, ordinal scale) was 0.71 (95% CI 0.65-0.78). There was complete separation of the low and high categories, without any low AAC score scans predicted to be high and vice versa. Conclusions: CNNs are capable of detecting AAC in VFA images, with high correlation between the human and predicted scores. These preliminary results suggest CNNs are a promising method for automatically detecting and quantifying AAC.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using machine learning, specifically convolutional neural networks (CNNs), to automate the scoring of abdominal aortic calcification (AAC) on dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) vertebral fracture assessment images. It does not involve exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the accuracy and feasibility of using CNNs for AAC scoring, which is related to cardiovascular outcomes, but it does not meet the criteria for being about exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Reihsen, T. E., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Feasibility of a perfused and ventilated cadaveric model for assessment of lifesaving traumatic hemorrhage and airway management skills.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF TRAUMA AND ACUTE CARE SURGERY 80(5): 799-804.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Training health care providers to manage common life-threatening traumatic injuries is an important endeavor. A fresh perfused cadaveric model with high anatomic and tissue fidelity was developed to assess performance of hemorrhage and airway management skills during a simulated polytrauma scenario.METHODS: Fresh human cadavers were obtained within 96 hours of death. Hemorrhage from a right traumatic amputation and left inguinal wound was simulated using cannulation of the right popliteal and left femoral artery, respectively. The thoracic aorta (thoracotomy method) or external iliac arteries (Pfannenstiel method) were used for catheter access points. Lung ventilation to simulate chest rise and fall was achieved using bilateral chest tubes connected to a bag valve mask. Participants underwent a simulated nighttime field care scenario in which they attempted tourniquet placement, direct wound pressure and packing, and endotracheal intubation.RESULTS: Twenty-four donors were obtained (58-95 years old; mean, 77). There were 305 total scenarios completed using 23 cadavers (mean, approximately 13 scenarios per cadaver). The cost for acquisition and preparation of donors can be estimated at $3,611 to $9,399.CONCLUSION: This model successfully allowed for the demonstration of hemorrhage and airway management skills with high anatomic and tissue fidelity. For the assessment of critical lifesaving skills that are nondestructive in nature, the use of a fresh perfused cadaveric model is feasible and suitable for evaluation of these procedures. Copyright (C) 2016Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on a cadaveric model for training healthcare providers in managing traumatic injuries, specifically hemorrhage and airway management skills. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Ren, I., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Exergaming delivery of a balance and fall prevention program for older adults: A feasibility study.
[Journal]  DIGITAL HEALTH 8.
[Abstract] ObjectiveOlder adults are at high risk of falls and this problem calls for efficient and scalable interventions. This study investigated whether a motion capture system paired with balance training exergaming software is a feasible strategy to deliver therapeutic exercise to older adults in an aged care facility. MethodsThis study analyzed data from a quality improvement rehabilitation initiative. Two convenience samples of older adults were included: a usual care group (n = 12), admitted to a rehabilitation hospital and receiving standard in-patient therapy 5x/week and the Evolv group (n = 12), admitted to an aged care facility, prescribed exergaming 3x/week. All participants performed 30-minute exercise sessions based on a fall prevention program over 3 months. The Short Physical Performance Battery (SPPB) and Tinetti Performance Oriented Mobility Assessment test were administered pre- and post-treatment. ResultsNo adverse events were recorded during the interventions. Mean SPPB increase for Evolv participants was 2.25 +/- 1.35 (p < .001, CI for mean = 1.39 to 3.11, d = 1.66), compared with a non-significant change in the usual care group (mean increase = 2.25 +/- 3.82, p = .066, CI for mean = -0.18 to 4.68, d = 0.59). Tinetti improvement was significant for the individuals receiving usual care (3.83 +/- 2.82, p = .012, CI for mean = 1.01 to 6.66, d = 0.86) but there were no significant between-group differences in outcomes. ConclusionsExergaming with the Evolv system for balance and strength training may be a feasible strategy to improve physical function for older adults recovering in an aged care facility.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a feasibility study, and according to the criteria, papers related to feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Additionally, while the intervention targets older adults and uses exergames, the study does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Ren, Y., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of virtual reality games in improving physical function, balance and reducing falls in balance-impaired older adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF GERONTOLOGY AND GERIATRICS 108.
[Abstract] Background: In recent years, sports games based on virtual reality (VR) have been widely used in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the elderly. However, there seems to be no consensus on the improvement and comparison of physical function, balance and falls in elderly people with balance impairment.Objective: This study aims to explore the effects of VR intervention on physical function, balance and falls elderly people with balance impairment. Methods: Systematic literature searches of the PubMed, Web of Science, Elsevier, Cochrane, CNKI, and Wanfang databases were performed for VR games-related randomized controlled trials or comparison studies among elderly participants with impaired balance, published in English or Chinese until March 20, 2022. The Cochrane collaboration risk of bias tool was used to evaluate the methodological quality of the studies. A meta-analysis was performed to calculate the standardized mean deviation or mean difference of the sample and its 95% confidence interval (CI) in VR games.Results: The systematic review included 23 studies. The results showed that VR intervention had significant ef-fects on hand grip strength (MD:1.30, P = 0.040), knee extension strength (MD:-6.27, P<0.001), five times sit-to stand test scores (MD:1.13, P = 0.030), timed up-and-go test scores (MD:-1.01, P = 0.001), berg balance scale scores (MD:2.37, P<0.001), and falls efficacy scale scores (SMD:-0.28, P = 0.020). Subgroup analysis results showed that VR intervention was more effective on improving TUG and BBS scores than the conventional ex-ercise group (MD=-0.54, P = 0.004; MD=3.24, P<0.001) and the non-intervention group (MD=-0.98, P = 0.001; MD=3.30, P < 0.001). The balance training-based VR had a significant effect on improving TUG (MD=-1.03, P 0.004) and BBS (MD=2.93, P<0.001), and 20-45 min intervention, >= 3 times/wk, 5-8 wk cycles were significant in improving TUG (MD=-0.89, P<0.001; MD=-0.75, P = 0.0003; MD=-1.54, P<0.0001). VR intervention significantly improved TUG (MD=-2.27, P<0.0001) and BBS (MD=3.41, P<0.0001) in older adults in the hos-pital or nursing home compared with those residing in communities.Conclusion: VR interventions can help the elderly with impaired balance to overcome traditional sports obstacles and improve physical function, balance and minimize falls. Balance training-based VR intervention is more effective in balance recovery and fall prevention compared with game program. An intervention plan comprising 20-45 min, 5-8 wk cycles, and >= 3 times/wk frequency has significantly higher effects for high-risk elderly populations living in hospitals or nursing homes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria of including original data from randomized controlled trials. According to the given criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included.

[Author]   Renaux, A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Age-related decrease in functional mobility score when performing a locomotor task in an immersive environment.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN BIOENGINEERING AND BIOTECHNOLOGY 11.
[Abstract] In recent years, immersive virtual reality technology has emerged in the field of health. Its use could allow the assessment of the motor behavior of individuals in adaptable and reproducible immersive environments, simulating real situations. This study aimed to assess the effect of an immersive scenario on functional mobility during a simple locomotor task according to age. Sixty young adults and 60 older volunteers, who were autonomous and without cognitive and neurological impairment participated. A locomotor task based on the "Timed Up and Go" task was performed in real and virtual conditions. A functional mobility score was calculated by combining the time and the number of steps used and compared between young and older people. Results showed that correlations between time and the number of steps were the same in VR and real conditions, but the locomotor performance decreased significantly in VR for both populations. Additionally, older people exhibited a more reduced locomotor performance in a virtual environment than young adults, thereby their functional mobility score decreased more to complete the task, reflecting the adoption of a more secure locomotion strategy often related to the fear of falling, with an increase in time and number of steps to support balance. The major difference between reality and VR is the visual immersion with an HMD, and visual information is more important in the sensory integration of older people. Therefore, the reduction in visual field and lack of visual exproprioceptive information about the body segments in the virtual environment could explain these results. Finally, the effect of immersion in a virtual scenario on mobility exists for both populations but is accentuated by the aging process and is therefore age dependent.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older people and a virtual reality (VR) environment, the focus is on assessing the effect of an immersive scenario on functional mobility during a locomotor task, rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The study also does not report results from a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Rethinam, A., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Grain refinement of C-Mn steel through thermo-mechanical processing.
[Journal]  Journal of Engineering, Design and Technology 13(2): 282-297.
[Abstract] Purpose - The application of new technologies requires, however, modern rolling mills. Indeed, in manufacturing plants of older types, strict compliance with the developed rolling regimes is not always feasible. Improving the mechanical properties in such cases is possible only by means of cooling. Compressive deformation behavior of carbon-manganese (C-Mn) grade has been investigated at temperatures ranging from 800-900°C and strain rate from 0.01-50 s1 on Gleeble-3800, a thermo-mechanical simulator. Simulation studies have been conducted mainly to observe the microstructural changes for various strain rate and deformation temperatures at a constant strain of 0.5 and a cooling rate of 20°C s1. Design/methodology/approach - The project begins with simulation of a hot rolling condition using the thermo-mechanical simulator; this was followed by microstructural examination and identification of phases present by using an optical microscope for hot-rolled coil and simulated samples; grain size measurement and size distribution studies; and optimization of finishing temperature, coiling temperature and cooling rate by mimicking plant processing parameters to improve the mechanical properties. Findings - As the strain rate and temperature increase, pearlite banding decreases gradually and finally gets completely eliminated, thereby improving the mechanical properties. True stress-strain curves were plotted to extrapolate the effect of strain-hardening and strain rate sensitivity on austenite (gamma) and austenite-ferrite (gamma-a) regions. To validate the effect of strain rate and temperature over the grain size, the hardness of simulated samples was measured using the universal hardness tester and the corresponding tensile strength was found from the standard hardness chart. Practical implications - The results of the study carried out have projected a new technology of thermo-mechanical simulation for the studied C-Mn grade. These results were used to optimize the plant processing parameter like finishing and coiling temperature and finishing stands strain rate. Originality/value - By controlling the hot rolling conditions like finishing, coiling temperature and cooling rate, structures differing in mechanical properties can be obtained for the same material. Accurate understanding of a structure being formed when different temperatures are applied enables the control of the process that assures intended structures and mechanical properties are achieved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the grain refinement of C-Mn steel through thermo-mechanical processing and does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Revencu, B. and G. Csibra (2021). 
[Title]    For 19-Month-Olds, What Happens On-Screen Stays On-Screen.
[Journal]  Open mind : discoveries in cognitive science 5: 71-90.
[Abstract] Humans rely extensively on external representations such as drawings, maps, and animations. While animations are widely used in infancy research, little is known about how infants interpret them. In this study, we asked whether 19-month-olds take what they see on a screen to be happening here and now, or whether they think that on-screen events are decoupled from the immediate environment. In Experiments 1-3, we found that infants did not expect a falling animated ball to end up in boxes below the screen, even though they could track the ball (i) when the ball was real or (ii) when the boxes were also part of the animation. In Experiment 4, we tested whether infants think of screens as spatially bounded physical containers that do not allow objects to pass through. When two location cues were pitted against each other, infants individuated the protagonist of an animation by its virtual location (the animation to which it belonged), not by its physical location (the screen on which the animation was presented). Thus, 19-month-olds reject animation-reality crossovers but accept the depiction of the same animated environment on multiple screens. These results are consistent with the possibility that 19-month-olds interpret animations as external representations.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about how 19-month-old infants interpret and understand animations on a screen. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as it focuses on a much younger age group and does not involve any exergame intervention or fall prevention.

[Author]   Reynard, P., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Guidelines of the French Society of Otorhinolaryngology and Head and Neck Surgery (SFORL) for vestibular rehabilitation in children with vestibular dysfunction. A systematic review.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES DE PEDIATRIE 31(4): 217-223.
[Abstract] Introduction: The consequence of complete or partial uncompensated vestibular dysfunction in children is usually balance disorders, with the risk of falls and increased fatigue, particularly during tasks requiring postural control. The aim of these recommendations is to establish guidelines for vestibular rehabilitation (VR) in children with vestibular impairment. Material and methods: The guidelines were developed based on a systematic review of the international literature, validated by a multidisciplinary group of French-speaking otorhinolaryngologists, scientists, and physiotherapists. They are classi fied as grade A, B, C, or expert opinion according to a decreasing level of scienti fic evidence. Results: A PubMed search of studies published between January 1990 and December 2021 was carried out using the keywords "vestibular, " "rehabilitation, " and "children ". After filtering and reviewing the articles, a total of 10 publications were included to establish the recommendations. Conclusion: It is recommended that a vestibular assessment be carried out before VR, including a study of vestibulo-ocular re flex, otolithic function, and postural control. In cases of vestibular dysfunction, physiotherapy treatment is recommended from an early age to train different aspects of postural control, including anticipatory and reactive postural adjustments. VR adapted to the pediatric population is recommended for children whose vestibular dysfunction leads to functional disorders or symptoms of vertigo for those who have suffered head trauma. It is recommended that children with bilateral vestibular impairment be treated using gaze stabilization exercises for adaptation and substitution. Optokinetic stimulation and virtual reality are not recommended for children and young adolescents. (c) 2024 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Masson SAS on behalf of French Society of Pediatrics. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets children with vestibular dysfunction, and the focus is on vestibular rehabilitation. Additionally, the paper is a systematic review and provides guidelines, which do not meet the criteria for original randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Rezapour, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Employing machine learning to enhance fracture recovery insights through gait analysis.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ORTHOPAEDIC RESEARCH 42(8): 1748-1761.
[Abstract] This study aimed to explore the potential of gait analysis coupled with supervised machine learning models as a predictive tool for assessing post-injury complications such as infection, malunion, or hardware irritation among individuals with lower extremity fractures. We prospectively identified participants with lower extremity fractures at a tertiary academic center. These participants underwent gait analysis with a chest-mounted inertial measurement unit device. Using customized software, the raw gait data were preprocessed, emphasizing 12 essential gait variables. The data were standardized, and several machine learning models, including XGBoost, logistic regression, support vector machine, LightGBM, and Random Forest, were trained, tested, and evaluated. Special attention was given to class imbalance, addressed using the synthetic minority oversampling technique (SMOTE). Additionally, we introduced a novel methodology to compute the post-injury recovery rate for gait variables, which operates independently of the time difference between the gait analyses of different participants. XGBoost was identified as the optimal model both before and after the application of SMOTE. Before using SMOTE, the model achieved an average test area under the ROC curve (AUC) of 0.90, with a 95% confidence interval (CI) of [0.79, 1.00], and an average test accuracy of 86%, with a 95% CI of [75%, 97%]. Through feature importance analysis, a pivotal role was attributed to the duration between the occurrence of the injury and the initial gait analysis. Data patterns over time revealed early aggressive physiological compensations, followed by stabilization phases, underscoring the importance of prompt gait analysis. chi 2 analysis indicated a statistically significant higher readmission rate among participants with underlying medical conditions (p = 0.04). Although the complication rate was also higher in this group, the association did not reach statistical significance (p = 0.06), suggesting a more pronounced impact of medical conditions on readmission rates rather than on complications. This study highlights the transformative potential of integrating advanced machine learning techniques like XGBoost with gait analysis for orthopedic care. The findings underscore a shift toward a data-informed, proactive approach in orthopedics, enhancing patient outcomes through early detection and intervention. The chi 2 analysis added crucial insights into the broader clinical implications, advocating for a comprehensive treatment strategy that accounts for the patient's overall health profile. The research paves the way for personalized, predictive medical care in orthopedics, emphasizing the importance of timely and tailored patient assessments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using gait analysis and machine learning models to predict post-injury complications in individuals with lower extremity fractures. It does not mention exergames, fall prevention, or target older people specifically.

[Author]   Rhee, R., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    The effects of viewing axis on laparoscopic performance: a comparison of non-expert and expert laparoscopic surgeons.
[Journal]  SURGICAL ENDOSCOPY AND OTHER INTERVENTIONAL TECHNIQUES 28(9): 2634-2640.
[Abstract] While the ideal relationship of telescope viewing axis and instrument working axis in laparoscopic surgery is co-axial, it is often necessary to deviate view of the surgical field from the direction of working instruments with potentially negative implications to performance. The objectives of this study are to (1) characterize performance effects of working progressively further off telescope viewing axis and (2) compare the ability of expert laparoscopic surgeons and non-expert surgeons to compensate for the psychomotor problems imposed by off-axis viewing.Subjects included Baystate Medical Center surgical residents between PGY 1 and PGY 5 training years and attending surgeons. Expert subjects (> 250 basic and > 50 advanced laparoscopic cases, N = 6) and non-expert subjects (N = 11) performed the FLS peg transfer task in a box trainer configured to accept a laparoscope inserted at 0A degrees, 45A degrees, 90A degrees, 135A degrees, and 180A degrees viewing angles relative to axis of working instruments. Performance measures included time to task completion (seconds), errors (# dropped objects), and percent completed transfers. Statistical analysis took into account repeated measures within each subject for each performance measure. Trends were assessed using linear contrasts for trend (p-trend). Differences between experts and non-experts were evaluated using an interaction term (p-interaction).Overall there was increased time to completion (p < 0.001), increased number of dropped pegs (p < 0.001), and decreased percentage of completed transfers (< 0.001) as the viewing axis relative to working instruments increased from 0A degrees to 180A degrees. Overall, expert laparoscopic surgeons demonstrated significantly shorter time to completion (p < 0.0027), fewer dropped pegs (p < 0.001), and higher percentage of completed peg transfers (p < 0.0001) compared to non-expert surgeons.Surgeon performance degrades as viewing axis increases from 0A degrees to 180A degrees relative to working instruments. Expert laparoscopic surgeons perform better than non-expert surgeons when working off the laparoscope viewing axis.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effects of viewing axis on laparoscopic performance and compares the performance of non-expert and expert laparoscopic surgeons. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on surgical performance and does not involve any exergame intervention, nor does it target older people or aim to prevent falls.

[Author]   Riaz, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Gamified Exercise with Kinect: Can Kinect-Based Virtual Reality Training Improve Physical Performance and Quality of Life in Postmenopausal Women with Osteopenia? A Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  SENSORS 24(11).
[Abstract] Background: Osteopenia, caused by estrogen deficiency in postmenopausal women (PMW), lowers Bone Mineral Density (BMD) and increases bone fragility. It affects about half of older women's social and physical health. PMW experience pain and disability, impacting their health-related Quality of Life (QoL) and function. This study aimed to determine the effects of Kinect-based Virtual Reality Training (VRT) on physical performance and QoL in PMW with osteopenia. Methodology: The study was a prospective, two-arm, parallel-design, randomized controlled trial. Fifty-two participants were recruited in the trial, with 26 randomly assigned to each group. The experimental group received Kinect-based VRT thrice a week for 24 weeks, each lasting 45 min. Both groups were directed to participate in a 30-min walk outside every day. Physical performance was measured by the Time Up and Go Test (TUG), Functional Reach Test (FRT), Five Times Sit to Stand Test (FTSST), Modified Sit and Reach Test (MSRT), Dynamic Hand Grip Strength (DHGS), Non-Dynamic Hand Grip Strength (NDHGS), BORG Score and Dyspnea Index. Escala de Calidad de vida Osteoporosis (ECOS-16) questionnaire measured QoL. Both physical performance and QoL measures were assessed at baseline, after 12 weeks, and after 24 weeks. Data were analyzed on SPSS 25. Results: The mean age of the PMW participants was 58.00 +/- 5.52 years. In within-group comparison, all outcome variables (TUG, FRT, FTSST, MSRT, DHGS, NDHGS, BORG Score, Dyspnea, and ECOS-16) showed significant improvements (p < 0.001) from baseline at both the 12th and 24th weeks and between baseline and the 24th week in the experimental group. In the control group, all outcome variables except FRT (12th week to 24th week) showed statistically significant improvements (p < 0.001) from baseline at both the 12th and 24th weeks and between baseline and the 24th week. In between-group comparison, the experimental group demonstrated more significant improvements in most outcome variables at all points than the control group (p < 0.001), indicating the positive additional effects of Kinect-based VRT. Conclusion: The study concludes that physical performance and QoL measures were improved in both the experimental and control groups. However, in the group comparison, these variables showed better results in the experimental group. Thus, Kinect-based VRT is an alternative and feasible intervention to improve physical performance and QoL in PMW with osteopenia. This novel approach may be widely applicable in upcoming studies, considering the increasing interest in virtual reality-based therapy for rehabilitation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of Kinect-based Virtual Reality Training (VRT) to improve physical performance and quality of life in postmenopausal women with osteopenia. While the intervention does involve an exergame (Kinect-based VRT) and the study is a randomized controlled trial, the primary focus is not on preventing falls in the elderly. The outcomes measured are related to physical performance and quality of life, but fall prevention is not explicitly mentioned or targeted.

[Author]   Riaz, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effects of kinect-based virtual reality training on bone mineral density and fracture risk in postmenopausal women with osteopenia: a randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 14(1).
[Abstract] Osteopenia is a condition characterized by low bone mineral density (BMD) that increases fracture risk, particularly among postmenopausal women (PMW). This study aimed to determine the effects of Kinect-based VRT on BMD and fracture risk in PMW with osteopenia. The study was a prospective, two-arm, parallel-design, randomized controlled trial. The study enrolled 52 participants, 26 randomly assigned to each group. In the experimental group, Kinect-based VRT was provided thrice weekly for 24 weeks for 45 min/session. Both groups were instructed to engage in a daily 30-min walk outdoors. The fracture risk assessment tool (FRAX) was used to calculate fracture risk, and dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry was used to measure lumbar spine and femur neck BMD. Both variables were assessed at baseline and 24 weeks afterwards. After 24 weeks of Kinect-based VRT, the experimental group showed significant BMD increases in the right and left femoral necks and lumbar spine (p value < 0.001). In the control group, the BMD at the right and left femoral necks showed fewer significant changes (p value < 0.022 and 0.004, respectively). In the control group, lumbar spine BMD did not change (p = 0.57). The experimental group showed significantly lower FRAX scores for hip fracture prediction (HFP) and hip prediction of major osteoporotic (HPMO) at both femoral necks (p value < 0.001) than the control group (p = 0.05 and p = 0.01, respectively), but no significant change at the left femoral neck for HFP (p = 0.66) or HPMO (p = 0.26). These findings indicate that a Kinect-based VRT intervention resulted in significantly increased BMD and a reduced fracture risk, as predicted by HFP and HPMO measurements. These improvements were more pronounced in the experimental group than in the control group. Thus, Kinect-based VRT may be utilized as an effective intervention to improve BMD and reduce fracture risk in postmenopausal women with osteopenia.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. While the paper does involve an exergame (Kinect-based virtual reality training) and is a randomized controlled trial, the primary focus is on bone mineral density and fracture risk in postmenopausal women with osteopenia. The study does not specifically target fall prevention, which is a key criterion for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Ricalde, R. R., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Usability testing of the Philippine Electronic National Newborn Hearing Screening Registry (ENNHSR).
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INFORMATICS 163.
[Abstract] Purpose and Objectives.: The study determined the usability of the online and offline versions of the Philippine Electronic National Newborn Hearing Screening Registry (ENNHSR) as well as user perspectives and satisfaction on the training modules and the online and offline systems. The steps in creating the systems, training modules, and evaluation of the user training manual and video training modules, accuracy and time and motion studies on data entry as well as determination of user perspectives and satisfaction were the specific objectives.Methodology: With the combined efforts of the staff of Newborn Hearing Screening Reference Center (NHSRC), Philippine National Ear Institute (PNEI) and the National Telehealth Center (NTHC) of the National Institutes of Health UP Manila, the development of the online and offline versions of the ENNHSR took six (6) months from January 2021 to June 2021 to complete. Creation of the user manual and training modules took three (3) months from July 2021 to September 2021. The pilot of the systems was carried out in 2 Zoom Conferencing sessions with the participation of 28 existing certified newborn hearing center users with different roles, backgrounds, demographics from all over the Philippines. Written evaluation as well as focused group discussions on the training modules and the database were conducted during the sessions. Effectivity of the training modules was determined using a 10-point learning check. The time and accuracies in encoding each data field per user were also determined.Results: All 28 participants were able to attend and actively participate in the required Zoom Conferencing sessions as well as submit the 2 evaluation surveys for the training modules and the ENNHSR. During the learning check 93% or 26 out of 28 passed. The surgical intervention module took the longest time to encode while the fastest module to complete was for speech therapy. The average mean time to complete all modules was 3382 s or around 57 min while the time range was between 32 and 104 min. A screener would need 18 min while an implant programmer who is a clinical audiologist would need 52 min to enter data. The accuracy in encoding patient data was 92% while hearing screening results was 88.64%. The system usability scale (SUS) score of ENNHSR was computed at 75.5 which was the average of individual SUS scores, falling within grade B or 74.1 to 77.1 as its corresponding numerical score range in percentile. Most of the participants noted that it was easy to find patient data, results and that it was streamlined with easy to track information.Conclusions and recommendations: Data gathering and analysis both play important roles in health management, policy implementation and quality assurance. We were able to uncover areas where the system performed well effectively, efficiently, and with satisfaction. We realize that all the possible problems cannot be detected with a small number of participants and variety in information. This testing will serve as both a means to record or benchmark current usability, but also to identify areas where improvements must be made.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the usability testing of a national newborn hearing screening registry and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets newborns and healthcare staff, and the focus is on the usability of a data registry system, not on exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Richards, J. T., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Time-dependent tuning of balance control and aftereffects following optical flow perturbation training in older adults.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 16.
[Abstract] BackgroundWalking balance in older adults is disproportionately susceptible to lateral instability provoked by optical flow perturbations. The prolonged exposure to these perturbations could promote reactive balance control and increased balance confidence in older adults, but this scientific premise has yet to be investigated. This proof of concept study was designed to investigate the propensity for time-dependent tuning of walking balance control and the presence of aftereffects in older adults following a single session of optical flow perturbation training.MethodsThirteen older adults participated in a randomized, crossover design performed on different days that included 10min of treadmill walking with (experimental session) and without (control session) optical flow perturbations. We used electromyographic recordings of leg muscle activity and 3D motion capture to quantify foot placement kinematics, lateral margin of stability, and antagonist coactivation during normal walking (baseline), early (min 1) and late (min 10) responses to perturbations, and aftereffects immediately following perturbation cessation (post).ResultsAt their onset, perturbations elicited 17% wider and 7% shorter steps, higher step width and length variability (+171% and+132%, respectively), larger and more variable margins of stability (MoS), and roughly twice the antagonist leg muscle coactivation (p-values<0.05). Despite continued perturbations, most outcomes returned to values observed during normal, unperturbed walking by the end of prolonged exposure. After 10min of perturbation training and their subsequent cessation, older adults walked with longer and more narrow steps, modest increases in foot placement variability, and roughly half the MoS variability and antagonist lower leg muscle coactivation as they did before training.ConclusionsFindings suggest that older adults: (i) respond to the onset of perturbations using generalized anticipatory balance control, (ii) deprioritize that strategy following prolonged exposure to perturbations, and (iii) upon removal of perturbations, exhibit short-term aftereffects that indicate a lessening of anticipatory control, an increase in reactive control, and/or increased balance confidence. We consider this an early, proof-of-concept study into the clinical utility of prolonged exposure to optical flow perturbations as a training tool for corrective motor adjustments relevant to walking balance integrity toward reinforcing task-specific, reactive control and/or improving balance confidence in older adults.Trial registrationclinicaltrials.gov (NCT03341728). Registered 14 November 2017.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study involves older adults and a form of training (optical flow perturbation training), it does not specifically use an exergame (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, cognitive training, etc.). The intervention is more focused on a specific type of sensory perturbation during treadmill walking rather than an exergame. Additionally, the study is described as a proof-of-concept study, and it is not clear if it includes a full randomized controlled trial with reported results.

[Author]   Rieger, M. M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effects of Perturbation-Based Treadmill Training on Balance Performance, Daily Life Gait, and Falls in Older Adults: REACT Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  PHYSICAL THERAPY 104(1).
[Abstract] Objective. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of perturbation-based treadmill training on gait quality in daily life, a predictor of fall risk that was used as the primary outcome. An additional aim was to evaluate the effects on secondary outcomes, including balance, gait performance, self-efficacy, daily life physical activity, and falls.Methods. Seventy community-dwelling older adults (mean age=74.73 [SD=5.69] years; 46 women) at risk of falling were randomized and received 4 weeks of dual-task treadmill training, either with or without treadmill perturbations. Balance, gait performance, self-efficacy, and daily life trunk accelerometry at baseline, after intervention, and at a 6-month follow-up were assessed and compared within group over time and between groups for each time point, and their change rates between groups over time were also assessed.Results. Both groups improved in their balance, gait performance, and self-efficacy; the experimental group showed a significantly larger decrease in concern of falling and an increase in physical performance than the controls. These training effects did not translate into significant improvements in daily life gait quality or physical activity. However, the number of daily life falls and the percentage of fallers decreased significantly more in the experimental group.Conclusion. A 4-week perturbation-based dual-task treadmill training program can improve self-efficacy, balance, and gait performance in a controlled setting and reduce daily life falls, although not through changes in quantity or quality of daily life gait.Impact. Perturbation-based treadmill training is a safe and efficient way to train older adults' balance recovery and gait performance, increase self-efficacy, and prevent falls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a randomized controlled trial that evaluates the effects of perturbation-based treadmill training on balance, gait performance, and falls in older adults. While the intervention targets older people and aims to prevent falls, it does not use exergames (such as virtual reality, video games, or electronic games). Instead, it uses a perturbation-based treadmill training program, which does not meet the criteria for an exergame. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Riem, L., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    The effect of visual field manipulations on standing balance control in people with multiple sclerosis.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 90: 92-98.
[Abstract] Background: Multiple sclerosis (MS) is associated with an increased risk of falls, degeneration of sensory organization, and possible increased reliance on vision for balance control. Research question: The aim of this study was to assess differences in standing postural control between people with MS and age and sex matched controls during medial-lateral (ML) oscillations of the visual field, with and without blinders to the lower periphery. Methods: Ten persons with MS (mean age 54.0 +/- 5.3 years) and ten age and sex matched controls (mean age: 56.3 +/- 6.0 years) participated in this study. Balance control was assessed while participants stood in a Christie Cave system while wearing stereoscopic glasses that projected an immersive forest scene. Visual conditions consisted of 2 m ML visual oscillations of the scene at five frequencies (0.0, 0.3, 0.6, 0.7 and 0.8 Hz) with and without blinders to block the lower periphery. Results and significance: The results demonstrated that, in comparison to controls, participants with MS had a significantly larger center of pressure sway in both the ML and AP direction to ML visual oscillations. Additionally, participants with MS and controls both increased center of pressure frequency content to the visual oscillation frequency, while participants with MS also increased relative power at the visual oscillation frequency in the AP direction. Blinders of lower periphery reduced the percent power at the visual oscillation frequency in both groups and reduced overall sway in participants with MS during visual oscillations. Overall, results indicate that postural balance is sensitive to visual feedback in people with MS. The elicited AP sway to ML visual oscillation could reflect errors in visual processing for the control of balance, and decreased sway in response to blocking vision of the lower peripheral field could indicate an increased reliance on visual cues to maintain balance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effect of visual field manipulations on standing balance control in people with multiple sclerosis, and it does not involve an exergame intervention. Additionally, the participants are not specifically older people, but rather individuals with multiple sclerosis and age-matched controls.

[Author]   Ringgenberg, N., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    ExerG: adapting an exergame training solution to the needs of older adults using focus group and expert interviews.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 19(1).
[Abstract] Background Exergames are playful technology-based exercise programs. They train physical and cognitive functions to preserve independence in older adults (OAs) with disabilities in daily activities and may reduce their risk of falling. This study gathered in-depth knowledge and understanding of three different user groups' experiences in and relevant needs, worries, preferences, and expectations of technology-based training, to develop an exergame training device for OAs. Methods We conducted a qualitative study using semi-structured focus group interviews of primary (OAs in geriatric or neurological rehabilitation) and secondary (health professionals) end users, as well as expert interviews of tertiary end users (health insurance experts or similar), exploring user perspectives on adjusting an existing exergame to OAs' needs. Voice-recorded interviews were transcribed by researchers and analyzed using thematic analysis (TA) following an inductive, data-driven, iterative approach. Results We interviewed 24 primary, 18 secondary, and 9 tertiary end users at two rehabilitation centers in Austria and Switzerland. Our TA approach identified five to six themes per user group. Themes in the primary end user group reflected aspects of safety, training goals, individuality, game environment, social interactions, and physical and technical overload. Themes in the secondary end user group comprised facets of meaningfulness, distraction through the game environment, safety, gamification elements, the availability and accessibility of the exergame. Tertiary end users' themes addressed aspects of financial reimbursement, suitable target populations, professional training for the handling of exergame devices, training goals, and concerns about the use of exergames in geriatric rehabilitation. Conclusions In conclusion, an exergame for OAs must be safe, motivating and fully adaptable to the target group while promoting the return to or preservation of autonomy and independence in daily life. Our findings contribute to developing hard- and software extensions for the ExerG training device. Further research is needed to expand the validity of our findings to larger populations.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on gathering user perspectives and needs to adapt an exergame for older adults, but it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. The study is qualitative, using focus group and expert interviews, and aims to inform the development of an exergame rather than testing its effectiveness in preventing falls.

[Author]   Ritter, Z., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    In vivo bone remodeling rates determination and compressive stiffness variations before, during 60 days bed rest and two years follow up: A micro-FE-analysis from HR-pQCT measurements of the berlin Bed Rest Study-2.
[Journal]  ACTA ASTRONAUTICA 132: 67-77.
[Abstract] Bed rest studies are used for simulation and study of physiological changes as observed in unloading/non-gravity environments. Amongst others, bone mass reduction, similar as occurring due to aging osteoporosis, combined with bio-fluids redistribution and muscle atrophy have been observed and analyzed. Advanced radiological methods of high resolution such as HR-pQCT (XtremeCT) allow 3D-visualizing in vivo bone remodeling processes occurring during absence/reduction of mechanical stimuli (0 to < 1 g) as simulated by bed rest. Induced bone micro-structure (e.g. trabecular number, cortical thickness, porosity) and density variations can be quantified. However, these parameters are average values of each sample and important information regarding bone mass distribution and within bone mechanical behaviour is lost. Finite element models with hexa-elements of identical size as the HR-pQCT measurements (0.082 mmx 0.082 mmx0.082 mm, ca. 7E6 elements/sample) can be used for subject-specific in vivo stiffness calculation. This technique also allows quantifying if bone microstructural changes represent a risk of mechanical bone collapse (fracture).Materials and methods: In the Berlin Bed Rest Study-2, 23 male subjects (20-50 YO) were maintained 60 days under restricted bed rest (6 degrees HDT) aiming to test a - for this study specifically designed - vibration resistive exercise regime for maintenance of bone mass and muscle functionality at normal levels (base line measurements). For comparison a resistive exercise without vibration and a control group were included. Base line HR-pQCT measurements (3 days before bed rest: base line), as well as during 30 days bed rest (BR30 and BR59, 3 days of recovery (R3), R15, R30, R90, R180, R360, and R720 were performed. CT-scan voxels were converted into finite elements (hexa-82 mu m edge length) for calculating in vivo compressive stiffness during the experiment duration. Histograms of stresses and strains distributions as well as anatomical regions susceptible for mechanical failure were identified and compared.Results:: Resistive vibration exercises (RVE) were able to maintain in the majority of the subjects compressive bone strength as determined after modelling a compressive test using finite element models. Compressive bone stiffness using FEA was monitored through analysis of the internal deformation on the trabecular structures and cortical bone, reaction forces, and minimum principal strains on the in vivo CT measured bone regions during the experiment duration. Stress distributions (main stresses) and von Mises stress distribution remained comparable with those determined in the base line measurements for the RVE-group. However, no major differences were found in the group with resistive exercise training alone. Without mechanical stimuli an increment of bone regions with high stress concentration was observed and a reduction of up to 10% of bone compressive stiffness was quantified by using subject-specific finite-element analysis. Anatomically von Mises stress concentrations, thus bone regions susceptible to fail mechanically, were observed at the center of the cancellous bone and at the antero-posterior region of the cortical bone.Conclusions:: Finite element simulations from bed rest studies are an invaluable tool to determine subject-specific in vivo compressive stiffness and anatomical mechanically compromised regions under controlled mechanical conditions (unloading) which - until now - are not possible to be determined with any other method. Vibration exercise combined with a resistive compressive force was able to maintain bone structure and density even during 60 days of bed rest.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a resistive vibration exercise, and the study focuses on bone remodeling and compressive stiffness in young to middle-aged male subjects during bed rest. It does not involve exergames, nor does it specifically target older people or aim to prevent falls.

[Author]   Rizzolatti, G., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    The role of mirror mechanism in the recovery, maintenance, and acquisition of motor abilities.
[Journal]  NEUROSCIENCE AND BIOBEHAVIORAL REVIEWS 127: 404-423.
[Abstract] While it is well documented that the motor system is more than a mere implementer of motor actions, the possible applications of its cognitive side are still under-exploited, often remaining as poorly organized evidence. Here, we will collect evidence showing the value of action observation treatment (AOT) in the recovery of impaired motor abilities for a vast number of clinical conditions, spanning from traumatological patients to brain injuries and neurodegenerative diseases. Alongside, we will discuss the use of AOT in the maintenance of appropriate motor behavior in subjects at risk for events with dramatic physical consequences, like fall prevention in elderly people or injury prevention in sports. Finally, we will report that AOT can help to tune existing motor competencies in fields requiring precise motor control. We will connect all these diverse dots into the neurophysiological scenario offered by decades of research on the human mirror mechanism, discussing the potentialities for individualization. Empowered by modern technologies, AOT can impact individuals' safety and quality of life across the whole lifespan.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper discusses the role of the mirror mechanism and action observation treatment (AOT) in various contexts, including the recovery, maintenance, and acquisition of motor abilities. While it mentions fall prevention in elderly people, the intervention described is AOT, which does not meet the criteria for being an exergame. Additionally, the paper is a review, which does not include original data from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Rmaile, A., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Removal of Interproximal Dental Biofilms by High-velocity Water Microdrops.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF DENTAL RESEARCH 93(1): 68-73.
[Abstract] The influence of the impact of a high-velocity water microdrop on the detachment of Streptococcus mutans UA159 biofilms from the interproximal (IP) space of teeth in a training typodont was studied experimentally and computationally. Twelve-day-old S. mutans biofilms in the IP space were exposed to a prototype AirFloss delivering 115 mu L water at a maximum exit velocity of 60 m/sec in a 30-msec burst. Using confocal microscopy and image analysis, we obtained quantitative measurements of the percentage removal of biofilms from different locations in the IP space. The 3D geometry of the typodont and the IP spaces was obtained by micro-computed tomography (mu-CT) imaging. We performed computational fluid dynamics (CFD) simulations to calculate the wall shear stress ((w)) distribution caused by the drops on the tooth surface. A qualitative agreement and a quantitative relationship between experiments and simulations were achieved. The wall shear stress ((w)) generated by the prototype AirFloss and its spatial distribution on the teeth surface played a key role in dictating the efficacy of biofilm removal in the IP space.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the removal of interproximal dental biofilms using high-velocity water microdrops. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Robles, M. J., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Frailty, Falls and Osteoporosis: Learning in Elderly Patients Using a Theatrical Performance in the Classroom.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NUTRITION HEALTH & AGING 23(9): 870-875.
[Abstract] Objective To ascertain the usefulness of a simulated clinical scene with actors in the classroom (theatrical performance) as a teaching tool for the management of falls and their related injuries. Design Experimental design of two related groups. Setting Spain. Participants A group of 12 students attended a seminar in which the approach to a clinical case was made using a simulated scene with actors in the classroom (scene group); a non-scene group of 34 students attended the seminar, without a theatrical performance (the same clinical case was read and presented in a traditional manner, oral presentation). Measurements Before and after the seminar, students answered a questionnaire [five questions on theoretical knowledge of falls and osteoporosis (score 0-10) and two on subjective learning perception (linear scale: 0-10) (score 0-20)]. In the scene group were two further questions included at the end on their opinion of the scene and on the seminar overall. Results Both groups significantly improved in all questionnaire scores after the seminar (p=0.001). The scene group had a greater rise in mean points of the questionnaire before and after the seminar than the non-scene group: theoretical knowledge [3.81 +/- 1.69 versus 2.75 +/- 1.33 (p=0.033)], subjective questions [6.08 +/- 4.10 versus 4.97 +/- 2.24 (p=0.247)], and the questionnaire overall [9.89 +/- 4.98 versus 7.72 +/- 2.66 (p=0.060)]. The scene group had a very good opinion of the usefulness of the scene and of the overall opinion of the seminar: 9.08 +/- 0.95 and 9.41 +/- 0.79. Conclusions Theatrical performance in the classroom seems to promote better learning than classic oral presentation, providing qualitative value by adding creativity and different approaches to the teaching of medicine.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a theatrical performance used as a teaching tool for students, rather than an exergame targeted at older people to prevent falls. Additionally, the study design involves students and focuses on their learning outcomes, not on the prevention of falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Roche, S. D., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    A one-stop shop model for improved efficiency of pre-exposure prophylaxis delivery in public clinics in western Kenya: a mixed methods implementation science study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE INTERNATIONAL AIDS SOCIETY 24(12).
[Abstract] Introduction In public clinics in Kenya, separate, sequential delivery of the component services of pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) (e.g. HIV testing, counselling, and dispensing) creates long wait times that hinder clients' ability and desire to access and continue PrEP. We conducted a mixed methods study in four public clinics in western Kenya to identify strategies for operationalizing a one-stop shop (OSS) model and evaluate whether this model could improve client wait time and care acceptability among clients and providers without negatively impacting uptake or continuation. Methods From January 2020 through November 2020, we collected and analysed 47 time-and-motion observations using Mann-Whitney U tests, 29 provider and client interviews, 68 technical assistance reports, and clinic flow maps from intervention clinics. We used controlled interrupted time series (cITS) to compare trends in PrEP initiation and on-time returns from a 12-month pre-intervention period (January-December 2019) to an 8-month post-period (January-November 2020, excluding a 3-month COVID-19 wash-out period) at intervention and control clinics. Results From the pre- to post-period, median client wait time at intervention clinics dropped significantly from 31 to 6 minutes (p = 0.02), while median provider contact time remained around 23 minutes (p = 0.4). Intervention clinics achieved efficiency gains by moving PrEP delivery to lower volume departments, moving steps closer together (e.g. relocating supplies; cross-training and task-shifting), and differentiating clients based on the subset of services needed. Clients and providers found the OSS model highly acceptable and additionally identified increased privacy, reduced stigma, and higher quality client-provider interactions as benefits of the model. From the pre- to post-period, average monthly initiations at intervention and control clinics increased by 6 and 2.3, respectively, and percent of expected follow-up visits occurring on time decreased by 18% and 26%, respectively; cITS analysis of PrEP initiations (n = 1227) and follow-up visits (n = 2696) revealed no significant difference between intervention and control clinics in terms of trends in PrEP initiation and on-time returns (all p>0.05). Conclusions An OSS model significantly improved client wait time and care acceptability without negatively impacting initiations or continuations, thus highlighting opportunities to improve the efficiency of PrEP delivery efficiency and client-centredness.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about improving the efficiency of pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) delivery in public clinics in western Kenya through a one-stop shop (OSS) model. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any form of exercise intervention. The study design includes mixed methods and controlled interrupted time series analysis, but it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Rodrigues, I. B., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    The MoveStrong program for promoting balance and functional strength training and adequate protein intake in pre-frail older adults: A pilot randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 16(9).
[Abstract] BackgroundBalance and functional strength training can improve muscle strength and physical functioning outcomes and decrease the risk of falls in older adults. To maximize the benefits of strength training, adequate protein intake is also important. However, the number of older individuals that consume enough protein or routinely engage in strength training remains low at less than 5% and even lower for activities that challenge balance. Our primary aim was to assess the feasibility of implementing a model (MoveStrong) of service delivery to teach older adults about balance and functional strength training and methods to increase protein intake.MethodsThis study was a closed cohort stepped wedge randomized controlled trial. We recruited individuals >= 60 years considered pre-frail or frail with at least one chronic condition who were not currently engaging in regular strength training from Northern (rural) and Southern (urban) Ontario sites in Canada. The primary outcome was feasibility of implementation, defined by recruitment, retention, and adherence, and safety (defined by monitoring adverse events). We also reported participants' and providers' experience with MoveStrong, adaptations to the model based on participant's and provider's experience, and program fidelity.ResultsWe recruited 44 participants to the study and the average adherence rate was 72% with a retention of 71%. The program had a high-fidelity score. One person experienced a fall-related injury during exercise, while two other participants reported pain during certain activities. Five individuals experienced injuries or health problems that were not related to the program. Suggestions for future trials include modifying some exercises, exploring volunteer assistance, increasing the diversity of participants enrolled, and considering a different study design.ConclusionsOur pilot trial demonstrates the feasibility of recruitment and adherence for a larger multisite RCT of balance and functional strength training with attention to protein intake in pre-frail and frail older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a program (MoveStrong) that aims to promote balance and functional strength training, along with adequate protein intake, in pre-frail older adults. While the intervention targets older people and includes a randomized controlled trial, it does not involve exergames. The primary focus is on traditional balance and strength training, and the results are related to the feasibility of the program rather than the use of exergames.

[Author]   Rodrigues, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Strategies for Pain Management after Extraction of Primary Teeth: A Systematic Review of Randomized Clinical Trials.
[Journal]  CURRENT PEDIATRIC REVIEWS.
[Abstract] Background In dental extractions, particularly when local anesthesia is used, it usually offers analgesic relief for a few hours. However, pain can become a notable concern in the immediate postoperative period due to the trauma experienced by both soft and hard oral tissues.Objectives This systematic review aimed to evaluate the most effective strategies for managing postoperative pain in primary tooth extractions.Methods Two examiners conducted a search across electronic databases: MEDLINE (via PubMed), Embase, Scopus, Web of Science, CENTRAL, and OpenGray. Studies were included if they met the following criteria after reviewing their titles and abstracts: they involved children and evaluated pain management following primary tooth extraction. Subsequently, articles that described extractions performed under any form of sedation, were not conducted under local anesthesia, in an outpatient setting, and in children aged 0 to 12 years, or were not randomized controlled trials, were excluded.Results The search yielded 374 relevant articles, of which 9 were included. Among these, 5 utilized preoperative medications as a pain management strategy, one evaluated low-level laser therapy (LLLT) postoperatively, one assessed calendula drops postoperatively, and another explored virtual reality during the procedure and arnica in solution both pre and postoperatively.Conclusion Among all the strategies evaluated, the strategy involving analgesics administered 30 minutes before tooth extractions was supported by better-designed studies. However, there is a high risk of bias.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about pain management strategies after the extraction of primary teeth in children, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are children, not older people, and the focus is on pain management rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the paper is a systematic review, which is excluded based on the given criteria.

[Author]   Rodriguez-Almagro, D., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of Virtual Reality Therapy on Balance and Gait in the Elderly: A Systematic Review.
[Journal]  HEALTHCARE 12(2).
[Abstract] Virtual reality (VR) therapies are presently utilized to treat physical and cognitive impairments among elderly people. This systematic review aims to collect the most recent evidence on the effectiveness of VR in improving balance and gait among healthy elderly individuals, in comparison with other therapies. A literature search was conducted using the PubMed, SCOPUS, PEDro, and WoS databases, by selecting randomized clinical trials that evaluated balance, both static and dynamic, as well as gait in a population of healthy older adults who underwent virtual reality therapy. The methodological quality of the studies was assessed using the PEDro scale. After eligibility criteria were applied and duplicates were removed, 20 studies were selected out of 1705 initially identified. The present systematic review concludes that virtual reality therapy is more effective than minimal intervention or usual care in enhancing static balance, dynamic balance, and gait in healthy elderly individuals. Moreover, virtual reality therapy yields better outcomes compared to traditional balance training and physical exercise in improving balance and gait in this demographic. However, both methods have shown effectiveness.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which means it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it synthesizes the results of multiple studies to draw conclusions. According to the criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Rodriguez-Fuentes, G., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Immersive Virtual Reality High-Intensity Aerobic Training to Slow Parkinson's Disease: The ReViPark Program.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 14(11).
[Abstract] Intense exercise can be neuromodulatory and neuroprotective against Parkinson's disease (PD). Indoor cycling is a good and safe option for this population, but some barriers (monotonous and repetitive environment, lack of monitoring, and an inability to compete with others) could limit its use. Immersive virtual reality (IVR) could be a possible solution to some of these drawbacks, increasing patient motivation and thus adherence to forced exercise programs using cycloergometers. A double-blind, randomized, controlled clinical trial was conducted to explore the feasibility and effects of the ReViPark program (high-intensity pedaling + IVR for 3 months with two sessions per week) on PD progression. In all, 52 people with PD were allocated to the ReViPark group (n = 30; 70.87 +/- 6.67 years) and smart cycloergometer group (n = 22; 70.59 +/- 6.67 years). This program was feasible, with no adverse effects (no significant Simulator Sickness Questionnaire symptoms and a low negative experience rating for the Game Experience Questionnaire (0.04/4)), no dropouts, high adherence, and good usability (System Usability Scale score of 82.90%). The ReViPark group showed significant improvements in functionality, quality of life, and disease progression as measured by their balance, gait and risk of falling (Timed Up and Go p = 0.028; Tinetti test p = 0.046), PDQ-39 scores (p = 0.035), and MDS-UPDRS scores (p = 0.001). This program is feasible and could lead to improvements in the functional parameters, quality of life, and symptomatology of the participants.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. While the paper involves an intervention that uses immersive virtual reality (IVR) and targets older people with Parkinson's disease, the primary focus is on slowing the progression of Parkinson's disease rather than specifically preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study reports on a randomized controlled trial, but the main outcomes are related to functionality, quality of life, and disease progression, not specifically fall prevention. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Rogers, C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Older Adults' Experience of an Exergaming Intervention to Improve Balance and Prevent Falls: A Nested Explanatory Qualitative Study.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 11(24).
[Abstract] Falls are frequent and life-changing events for older adults worldwide. The ageing phenomenon has arrived in developing countries, which experience tensions between curative and rehabilitative services, combined with an increase in non-communicable diseases. Policies addressing issues of ageing have been poorly implemented, and there are few fall prevention initiatives. Compelling evidence from the Global North supports exercise-based interventions to improve balance and reduce fall risk in older adults. More recently, attention has focused on interactive videogaming, known as exergames, as a novel way to manage fall risk with exercise. Commercially available exergames have inherent appeal for low- and middle-income country contexts, where rehabilitation professionals and resources are scanty. The aim of this study was to explore the feasibility of a large-scale randomized control trial comparing an exergaming intervention with the gold-standard Otago Exercise Programme and a no-intervention arm. Exercise adherence was poor in both intervention arms, and this prompted a shift to mixed methodology to explore the construct of falls and participants' experience of the exergaming intervention. Focus groups were conducted, and the results were analysed using content analysis. Whereas the results demonstrated improvements in physical outcome measures (e.g., Timed-Up-and-Go, MiniBESTest) related to balance and falls that were encouraging in both the gold-standard and exergaming intervention groups, few participants achieved optimal adherence. Attitudes toward falls and fall prevention were explored, as well as participants' experiences of the exergaming programme. Consistent with a developing country context, participants acknowledged both intrinsic and extrinsic fall risk factors. Exergaming participants enjoyed the fun and playful aspects of the exercise programme, yet these were not sufficient to maximize adherence. The focus groups described the barriers and facilitators to participation, which included motivation. The focus groups discussed strategies to enhance participation, and these are discussed in the context of exergaming.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on exploring the feasibility and participants' experiences of an exergaming intervention to improve balance and prevent falls in older adults. While it does mention a randomized controlled trial, the primary focus is on qualitative data from focus groups and content analysis, rather than reporting the results of the RCT. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as specified.

[Author]   Rohof, B., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    The Nintendo(R) Wii Fit Balance Board can be used as a portable and low-cost posturography system with good agreement compared to established systems.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF MEDICAL RESEARCH 25(1).
[Abstract] Background: Almost all epidemiological studies over the past 40 years have determined that the incidence of fragility fractures is increasing. Therefore, the assessment of postural stability and monitoring any progress during balance training for geriatric patients to prevent falls are becoming more important. The Nintendo(R)Wii Fit Balance Board, with its integrated software and scoring system, might be a cheap and easily accessible tool for this purpose.Methods: This prospective study analyzed the diagnostic value of the Wii Fit Balance Board in 41 healthy subjects using two measurements: the yoga task "tree," which is performed in one-leg stance; and the balance game "table tilt." Our investigation compared these tasks to two established, regularly used systems, the MFT-S3 Check and the Posturomed, by looking for correlation and agreement, using Bland-Altman plots, as well as for differences to demographic data. All measurement tools were also compared to the Sensory Organization Test-the gold standard for detecting impaired balance.Results: We found a moderate correlation between the yoga exercise "tree" and the Sensory Organization Test (correlation coefficientr = 0.514, p = 0.001) as well as the MFT-S3 Check (r = 0.356-0.472, p = 0.002-0.022) and the Posturomed (r = 0.345, p = 0.027). However, results from the balance game "table tilt" did not show a significant correlation with those of the systems to which we compared it (p = 0.301-0.953).Conclusions: According to the literature, the raw data from the Wii Fit Balance Board are comparable to that obtained by laboratory-grade force platforms. We have found, however, that the yoga pose "tree," as integrated into the Nintendo(R) Wii Fit Balance Board with its own scoring system, also correlates with the gold-standard Sensory Organization Test. It also correlates with two frequently used diagnostic and therapeutic devices. We, therefore, conclude that the Wii Fit Balance Board is suitable for the evaluation of postural stability and may be useful in preventing falls among the geriatric population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper discusses the use of the Nintendo Wii Fit Balance Board as a tool for assessing postural stability and its potential in preventing falls among the geriatric population. However, it does not specifically describe an intervention using exergames to prevent falls. The study focuses on the diagnostic value and correlation of the Wii Fit Balance Board with established systems, rather than reporting the results of a randomized controlled trial (RCT) involving an exergame intervention. Therefore, based on the given criteria, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Roider, O., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Merging Virtual World with Real-Life Behavior: A Concept for a Smartphone App to Influence Young People's Travel Behavior.
[Journal]  TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH RECORD 2673(4): 241-250.
[Abstract] European trends in children's travel patterns show decreasing rates of trips walked or cycled. Against this background, a concept for a smartphone app was developed to promote active travel modes for children and adolescents. The app collects players' travel data as input for a game: a high level of real-life environmentally friendly and active travel modes leads to a higher score. Competing players redeem the points they have collected to reach specific virtual locations on a map and win real-life rewards (e.g., shopping vouchers). The game was developed based on the user-centered design approach-an iterative process between design, prototyping, and evaluation. This paper presents the game concept alongside the results of a prototype field test at three schools in the province of Lower Austria, comprising 57 students aged 12 to 18. Results suggest that the game was easy to use and entertaining. However, younger players lost interest faster than older ones. Players emphasized improvements in relation to mode detection and tracking of individual trips, since fair playing conditions were requested by all age groups. Although the level of knowledge about sustainable mobility is high among young people, the game was rated as being a good tool for raising awareness regarding the environmental and health effects of mode choice. The promising results of this research project need to be transferred into a business model that can provide ongoing game updates, keep the players interested, and achieve long-term effects.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets young people (children and adolescents) and aims to promote active travel modes, rather than focusing on fall prevention for older adults. Additionally, the study does not meet the criteria of being a randomized controlled trial focused on exergames for fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Roitto, H.-M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Delirium Cafe: interactive learning to enhance delirium care.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN GERIATRIC MEDICINE 11(1): 113-116.
[Abstract] Key summary pointsAim The aim of Delirium Cafe was to try a new learning method to increase awareness of delirium and improve delirium care in an acute hospital setting. Findings Delirium Cafe seems to be both feasible and applicable as a new interactive-learning method in postgraduate medical teaching. Message It is important to create opportunities of stimulating learning. Delirium Cafe is a good example of a model that is both creative and interactive.Purpose The aim of Delirium Cafe was to try a new learning method to increase awareness of delirium and improve delirium care in an acute hospital setting in Helsinki, Finland. Method World Cafe-an active learning method, with four facilitators and four stations covering important aspects of delirium recognition and management, was used. Results 22 junior doctors and 4 members of the senior staff participated in the event on 13th of March 2019, the World Delirium Awareness Day (WDAD). Nobody dropped out during the 1 h training. Feedback on the educational method was positive. Conclusion Delirium Cafe seems to be both feasible and applicable as a new interactive-learning method in postgraduate medical teaching.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about an interactive learning method, specifically the "Delirium Cafe," aimed at increasing awareness and improving care for delirium in an acute hospital setting. It does not involve exergames or any form of exercise-based intervention, and it is not focused on preventing falls in the elderly. The target group is medical staff, not older people, and the study design is not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Roopchand-Martin, S., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Balance Training with Wii Fit Plus for Community-Dwelling Persons 60 Years and Older.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 4(3): 247-252.
[Abstract] Objective: This study sought to determine the effect of 6 weeks of training, using activities from the Nintendo (R) (Kyoto, Japan) "Wii (TM) Fit Plus'' disc, on balance in community-dwelling Jamaicans 60 years and older.Materials and Methods: A single group pretest/posttest design was used. Thirty-three subjects enrolled and 28 completed the study. Participants completed 30-minute training sessions on the Nintendo "Wii Fit'' twice per week for 6 weeks. Activities used included "Obstacle Course,'' "Penguin Slide,'' "Soccer Heading,'' "River Bubble,'' "Snow Board,'' "Tilt Table,'' "Skate Board,'' and "Yoga Single Tree Pose.'' Balance was assessed with the Berg Balance Scale, the Multi Directional Reach Test, the Star Excursion Balance Test and the Modified Clinical Test for Sensory Integration in Balance.Results: There was significant improvement in the mean Berg Balance Scale score (P = 0.004), Star Excursion Balance Test score (SEBT) (P < 0.001 both legs), and Multi Directional Reach Test score (P = 0.002). There was no significant change on the Modified Clinical Test for Sensory Integration in Balance.Conclusions: Balance games on the Nintendo "Wii Fit Plus'' disc can be used as a tool for balance training in community-dwelling persons 60 years of age and older.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation:
- The intervention targets older people (60 years and older), which meets the first criterion.
- The intervention uses an exergame (Nintendo Wii Fit Plus), which meets the second criterion.
- However, the study design is a single group pretest/posttest design, not a randomized controlled trial. This does not meet the third criterion.. Therefore, the paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly based on the given criteria.

[Author]   Rosetti, M. F., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    A video game for the neuropsychological screening of children.
[Journal]  ENTERTAINMENT COMPUTING 20: 1-9.
[Abstract] The last decade has seen a steep increase in the number of computer and console games used for educational and research purposes. The current work presents an attempt to transfer some of the main features of standardized neuropsychological tests into a serious video game. The Towi game platform draws inspiration from tests such as the Backward Digit Span, Visual Search and Labyrinths, to build a set of tasks based on relatable activities and circumstances. The Towi games revolve around events related to a trip, in which the subject progresses by solving tasks that fit into a narrative, such as preparing your luggage or finding your way to the airport. We compared performance metrics produced by standardized neuropsychological tests with scores produced by Towi among a sample of 75 children, finding significant correlations for most of the comparisons. Additionally, Towi scores were found to be sensitive to effects of age, sex and the number of hours subjects dedicate to playing video games. A factor analysis grouped Towi measures into five recognizable groups (planning, sustained attention, selective attention, selfmonitoring and memory) indicating the gaming platform has potential as a neuropsychological screening tool. (C) 2017 Elsevier B. V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a video game for neuropsychological screening in children, not for preventing falls in the elderly. The intervention targets children, and the purpose is to screen for neuropsychological functions, not to prevent falls.

[Author]   Rubenstein, B. L., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Community-based Guinea worm surveillance in Chad: Evaluating a system at the intersection of human and animal disease.
[Journal]  PLOS NEGLECTED TROPICAL DISEASES 15(3).
[Abstract] BackgroundGuinea worm is a debilitating parasitic infection targeted for eradication. Annual human cases have dropped from approximately 3,500,000 in 1986 to 54 in 2019. Recent identification of canine cases in Chad threatens progress, and therefore detection, prevention, and containment of canine cases is a priority. We investigated associations between disease knowledge, community engagement, and canine cases in Chad to identify opportunities to improve active surveillance.MethodsWe surveyed 627 respondents (villagers, local leaders, community volunteers, and supervisors) across 45 villages under active surveillance. Descriptive statistics were analyzed by respondent category. Logistic regression models were fitted to assess the effects of volunteer visit frequency on villager knowledge.ResultsKnowledge increased with respondents' associations with the Guinea worm program. Household visit frequency by community volunteers was uneven: 53.0% of villagers reported visits at least twice weekly and 21.4% of villagers reported never being visited. Villagers visited by a volunteer at least twice weekly had better knowledge of Guinea worm symptoms (OR: 1.71; 95% CI: 1.04-2.79) and could name more prevention strategies (OR: 2.04; 95% CI: 1.32-3.15) than villagers visited less frequently. The primary motivation to report was to facilitate care-seeking for people with Guinea worm. Knowledge of animal "containment" to prevent contamination of water, knowledge of rewards for reporting animal cases, and ability to name any reasons to report Guinea worm were each positively correlated with village canine case counts.ConclusionsCommunity volunteers play crucial roles in educating their neighbors about Guinea worm and facilitating surveillance. Additional training and more attentive management of volunteers and supervisors could increase visit frequency and further amplify their impact. Emphasizing links between animal and human cases, the importance of animal containment, and animal rewards might improve surveillance and canine case detection. The surveillance system should be evaluated routinely to expand generalizability of data and monitor changes over time.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about community-based surveillance for Guinea worm disease in Chad, focusing on the role of community volunteers in educating and facilitating surveillance, especially concerning both human and animal (canine) cases. It does not mention exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ruff, J., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Commercially available gaming systems as clinical assessment tools to improve value in the orthopaedic setting: A systematic review.
[Journal]  INJURY-INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF THE CARE OF THE INJURED 46(2): 178-183.
[Abstract] Introduction: Commercially available gaming systems (CAGS) such as the Wii Balance Board (WBB) and Microsoft Xbox with Kinect (Xbox Kinect) are increasingly used as balance training and rehabilitation tools. The purpose of this review was to answer the question, Are commercially available gaming systems valid and reliable instruments for use as clinical diagnostic and functional assessment tools in orthopaedic settings?" and provide a summary of relevant studies, identify their strengths and weaknesses, and generate conclusions regarding general validity/reliability of WBB and Xbox Kinect in orthopaedics.Materials and methods: A systematic search was performed using MEDLINE (1996-2013) and Scopus (1996-2013). Inclusion criteria were minimum of 5 subjects, full manuscript provided in English or translated, and studies incorporating investigation of CAG measurement properties. Exclusion criteria included reviews, systematic reviews, summary/clinical commentaries, or case studies; conference proceedings/presentations; cadaveric studies; studies of non-reversible, non-orthopaedic-related musculoskeletal disease; non-human trials; and therapeutic studies not reporting comparative evaluation to already established functional assessment criteria. All studies meeting inclusion and exclusion criteria were appraised for quality by two independent reviewers. Evidence levels (I-V) were assigned to each study based on established methodological criteria.Results: 3 Level II, 7 level III, and 1 Level IV studies met inclusion criteria and provided information related to the use of the WBB and Xbox Kinect as clinical assessment tools in the field of orthopaedics. Studies have used the WBB in a variety of clinical applications, including the measurement of center of pressure (COP), measurement of medial-to-lateral (M/L) or anterior-to-posterior (A/P) symmetry, assessment anatomic landmark positioning, and assessment of fall risk. However, no uniform protocols or outcomes were used to evaluate the quality of the WBB as a clinical assessment tool; therefore a wide range of sensitivities, specificities, accuracies, and validities were reported.Conclusion: Currently it is not possible to make a universal generalization about the clinical utility of CAGS in the field of orthopaedics. However, there is evidence to support using the WBB and the Xbox Kinect as tools to obtain reliable and valid COP measurements. The Wii Fit Game may specifically provide reliable and valid measurements for predicting fall risk. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that evaluates the use of commercially available gaming systems (CAGS) such as the Wii Balance Board and Microsoft Xbox with Kinect as clinical assessment tools in orthopaedic settings. It does not focus on using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, nor does it include randomized controlled trials. Instead, it summarizes the validity and reliability of these systems for clinical assessment. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ruggeri, A., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Sources of Developmental Change in the Efficiency of Information Search.
[Journal]  DEVELOPMENTAL PSYCHOLOGY 52(12): 2159-2173.
[Abstract] Children are active learners: they learn not only from the information people offer and the evidence they happen to observe, but by actively seeking information. However, children's information search strategies are typically less efficient than those of adults. In two studies, we isolate potential sources of developmental change in how children (7- and 10-year-olds) and adults search for information. To do so, we develop a hierarchical version of the 20-questions game, in which participants either ask questions (Study 1) or test individual objects (Study 2) to discover which category of objects within a nested structure (e.g., animals, birds, or owls) has a novel property. We also develop a computational model of the task, which allows us to evaluate performance in quantitative terms. As expected, we find developmental improvement in the efficiency of information search. In addition, we show that participants' performance exceeds random search, but falls short of optimal performance. We find mixed support for the idea that children's inefficiency stems from difficulty thinking beyond the level of individual objects or hypotheses. Instead, we reveal a previously undocumented source of developmental change: Children are significantly more likely than adults to continue their search for information beyond the point at which a single hypothesis remains, and thus to ask questions and select objects associated with zero information gain. This suggests that one crucial source of developmental change in information search efficiency lies in children's "stopping rules."
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the developmental change in the efficiency of information search, focusing on children and adults. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The study uses a 20-questions game to evaluate how children and adults search for information, and it does not meet the criteria specified for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ruggiero, N., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Perceptions of Competition-Based Learning After a Brief Experience at a National Surgical Meeting.
[Journal]  SURGICAL INNOVATION 30(6): 720-727.
[Abstract] Background: Competition-based learning (CBL) facilitates learning through competitions. At the 2022 & 2023 Annual SAGES meetings, we evaluated a CBL experience (TOP GUN Shootout) developed from a modified version of the previously validated TOP GUN Laparoscopic Skills and Suturing Program. The project sought to evaluate the TOP GUN Shootout's (TGS) ability to enhance participant engagement in pursuit of laparoscopic surgical skills.Methods: Participants competed in the TGS. Their scores (time and errors) were recorded for: Fundamentals of Laparoscopic Surgery Peg Pass, Cup Drop Task, and Intracorporeal Suturing. All participants completed a 10-question satisfaction survey on a 7-point Likert scale, with questions assessing 3 domains: (1) capability/confidence in MIS skill performance prior to the competition; (2) applicability and satisfaction with TGS's capacity to develop MIS skills; and (3) interest in seeking additional MIS training and appropriateness of CBL in MIS training. Descriptive statistics were used to evaluate these areas.Results: Overall, 121 participants completed the TGS, of whom 84 (69%) completed the satisfaction survey. The average age was 32.9 years, 67% were males. On average (+/- SD), participant satisfaction was 5.04 (+/- 2.08) for Domain 1, 6.20 (+/- 1.28) for Domain 2, and 6.58 (+/- .95) for Domain 3.Conclusion: Participants described an overall lack of confidence in their MIS skills prior to the 2022-2023 Annual SAGES conference. Participants felt that this brief CBL experience, aided in the development of their MIS skills. Furthermore, this brief CBL experience may inspire learners to seek out further training of their MIS skills.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a competition-based learning experience for surgical skills, specifically targeting participants at a national surgical meeting. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are not older people, and the intervention is not an exergame. Additionally, the focus is on surgical skill development, not fall prevention.

[Author]   Ruivo, J. M. A. d. S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    In-class Active Video Game Supplementation and Adherence to Cardiac Rehabilitation.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF CARDIOPULMONARY REHABILITATION AND PREVENTION 37(4): 274-278.
[Abstract] Purpose: The application of active video games (AVGs) during cardiac rehabilitation (CR) sessions could potentially facilitate patient adherence. The feasibility, safety, and efficacy of in-class AVG supplementation as an alternative to conventional phase 2 programs were investigated.Methods: A pilot, evaluator-blinded, intention-to-treat, randomized controlled trial recruited 32 low-moderate risk CR participants and allocated them to conventional or AVG-supplemented exercise. Both groups experienced equal exercise loads for 6 weeks. Patients were assessed at baseline, end of the program, and after an 8-week followup. Adherence and safety-related outcomes were the primary endpoints. Secondary outcomes included change in exercise capacity, daily physical activity (PA), energy expenditure (EE), and psychometric profiling.Results: Patients (males 81%; 60 +/- 10 years) presented with typical cardiovascular risk factors and similar baseline characteristics. Participants did not perceive an increased risk of injury and were more interactive. At the end of the program, there was a lower tendency for dropping out (6% vs 19%, P > .05), a significant improvement in PA (322 vs 247 arbitrary acceleration units/min, P = .047) and related EE per body weight (13 vs 11 kcal/kg/d, P = .04) among AVG participants compared with controls. No significant differences between groups for adverse medical events, exercise capacity, affect toward exercise, anxiety, depression, or quality-of-life changes were reported.Conclusions: The additional use of AVGs during CR sessions is feasible, safe, and significantly improved daily PA and EE. A dropout reduction trend among its users, which needs to be confirmed in a larger trial, raises awareness to AVG supplementation as a promising strategy to increase CR adherence.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of active video games (AVGs) to improve adherence to cardiac rehabilitation in a population that includes older people. However, it does not specifically target the prevention of falls in the elderly. The primary focus is on adherence to cardiac rehabilitation and related outcomes such as physical activity and energy expenditure. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sadeqi, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Two-to-three times increase in natural hip and lumbar non-sagittal plane kinematics can lead to anterior cruciate ligament injury and cartilage failure scenarios during single-leg landings.
[Journal]  CLINICAL BIOMECHANICS 112.
[Abstract] Background: Analyzing sports injuries is essential to mitigate risk for injury, but inherently challenging using in vivo approaches. Computational modeling is a powerful engineering tool used to access biomechanical information on tissue failure that cannot be obtained otherwise using traditional motion capture techniques. Methods: We extrapolated high-risk kinematics associated with ACL strain and cartilage load and stress from a previous motion analysis of 14 uninjured participants. Computational simulations were used to induce ACL failure strain and cartilage failure load, stress, and contact pressure in two age- and BMI-matched participants, one of each biological sex, during single-leg cross drop and single-leg drop tasks. The high-risk kinematics were exaggerated in 20% intervals, within their physiological range of motion, to determine if injury occurred in the models. Where injury occurred, we reported the kinematic profiles that led to tissue failure. Findings: Our findings revealed ACL strains up to 9.99%, consistent with reported failure values in existing literature. Cartilage failure was observed in all eight analyzed conditions when increasing each high-risk kinematic parameter by 2.61 +/- 0.67 times the participants' natural landing values. The kinematics associated with tissue failure included peak hip internal rotation of 22.48 +/- 19.04 degrees, peak hip abduction of 22.51 +/- 9.09 degrees, and peak lumbar rotation away from the stance limb of 11.56 +/- 9.78 degrees. Interpretation: Our results support the ability of previously reported high-risk kinematics in the literature to induce injury and add to the literature by reporting extreme motion limits leading to injurious cases. Therefore, training programs able to modify these motions during single-leg landings may reduce the risk of ACL injury and cartilage trauma
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on analyzing kinematics that can lead to anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injury and cartilage failure during single-leg landings, using computational modeling. It does not involve an exergame intervention, nor does it target older people or discuss fall prevention.

[Author]   Sadideen, H., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    A Video Analysis of Intra- and Interprofessional Leadership Behaviors Within 
[Journal]  he Burns Suite": Identifying Key Leadership Models." JOURNAL OF SURGICAL EDUCATION 73(1): 31-39.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE: Leadership is particularly important in complex highly interprofessional health care contexts involving a number of staff; some from the same specialty (intraprofessional), and others from different specialties (interprofessional). The authors recently published the concept of "The Burns Suite" (TBS) as a novel simulation tool to deliver interprofessional and teamwork training. It is unclear which leadership behaviors are the most important in an interprofessional burns resuscitation scenario, and whether they can be modeled on to current leadership theory. The purpose of this study was to perform a comprehensive video analysis of leadership behaviors within TBS.METHODS: A total of 3 burns resuscitation simulations within TBS were recorded. The video analysis was grounded-theory inspired. Using predefined criteria, actions/interactions deemed as leadership behaviors were identified. Using an inductive iterative process, 8 main leadership behaviors were identified. Cohen's kappa coefficient was used to measure inter-rater agreement and calculated as kappa = 0.7 (substantial agreement). Each video was watched 4 times, focusing on 1 of the 4 team members per viewing (senior surgeon, senior nurse, trainee surgeon, and trainee nurse). The frequency and types of leadership behavior of each of the 4 team members were recorded. Statistical significance to assess any differences was assessed using analysis of variance, whereby a p < 0.05 was taken to be significant. Leadership behaviors were triangulated with verbal cues and actions from the videos.RESULTS: All 3 scenarios were successfully completed. The mean scenario length was 22 minutes. A total of 362 leadership behaviors were recorded from the 12 participants. The most evident leadership behaviors of all team members were adhering to guidelines (which effectively equates to following Advanced Trauma and Life Support/Emergency Management of Severe Burns resuscitation guidelines and hence "maintaining standards"), followed by making decisions. Although in terms of total frequency the senior surgeon engaged in more leadership behaviors compared with the entire team, statistically there was no significant difference between all 4 members within the 8 leadership categories. This analysis highlights that "distributed leadership" was predominant, whereby leadership was "distributed" or "shared" among team members. The leadership behaviors within TBS also seemed to fall in line with the "direction, alignment, and commitment" ontology.CONCLUSIONS: Effective leadership is essential for successful functioning of work teams and accomplishment of task goals. As the resuscitation of a patient with major burns is a dynamic event, team leaders require flexibility in their leadership behaviors to effectively adapt to changing situations. Understanding leadership behaviors of different team members within an authentic simulation can identify important behaviors required to optimize nontechnical skills in a major resuscitation. Furthermore, attempting to map these behaviors on to leadership models can help further our understanding of leadership theory. Collectively this can aid the development Of refined simulation scenarios for team members, and can be extrapolated into other areas of simulation-based team training and interprofessional education. ((C) 2015 Association of Program Directors in Surgery. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.)
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about analyzing leadership behaviors within a simulation tool called "The Burns Suite" used for interprofessional and teamwork training in a healthcare context. It does not involve older people, exergames, or the prevention of falls. The study focuses on identifying and categorizing leadership behaviors during burns resuscitation simulations, which is unrelated to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sadura-Sieklucka, T., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Is Balance Training Using Biofeedback Effective in the Prophylaxis of Falls in Women over the Age of 65?
[Journal]  BRAIN SCIENCES 13(4).
[Abstract] The paper aims to investigate the usefulness of training in improving mobility and reducing the risk of falls of patients with osteoarthritis by using a force plate and virtual reality as rehabilitation tools. The study involved 72 women randomly divided into two equal groups: the force plate training group, which underwent virtual balance training with visual motor feedback, and the gym training group, which received conventional balance training only. The functional balance assessment was performed before and after the rehabilitation by computerized posturography in a relaxed upright position with open and closed eyes, with visual motor feedback. In the FPT group in the feedback measurement, the mean radius of sways was 30% smaller after rehabilitation (p < 0.00002); the feedback coordination coefficient was more than 10% bigger after rehabilitation (p < 0.001) and reached 92%, which is excellent for elderly people. Total stagnation and stumbling reported by patients decreased after rehabilitation compared to the first examination. Both tested forms of training can contribute to reducing the risk of falls. However, a more significant improvement was obtained in the force plate training group perhaps because the physical effort on a force plate trains the precise movements needed to reposition the centre of gravity without generating excessive inertia forces responsible for loss of balance and falls. Perhaps the most desirable method of intervention is to train a person's ability to perform slow but definite body movements.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a force plate with virtual reality for balance training to prevent falls in women over the age of 65. While it does target older people and uses a form of virtual reality, it is not specifically an exergame. Exergames typically involve more interactive and game-like activities, whereas this study focuses on balance training with visual motor feedback. Additionally, the study compares this method to conventional gym training, rather than being solely focused on an exergame intervention.

[Author]   Saeed, N., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Prompt-Based Tuning of Transformer Models for Multi-Center Medical Image Segmentation of Head and Neck Cancer.
[Journal]  BIOENGINEERING-BASEL 10(7).
[Abstract] Medical image segmentation is a vital healthcare endeavor requiring precise and efficient models for appropriate diagnosis and treatment. Vision transformer (ViT)-based segmentation models have shown great performance in accomplishing this task. However, to build a powerful backbone, the self-attention block of ViT requires large-scale pre-training data. The present method of modifying pre-trained models entails updating all or some of the backbone parameters. This paper proposes a novel fine-tuning strategy for adapting a pretrained transformer-based segmentation model on data from a new medical center. This method introduces a small number of learnable parameters, termed prompts, into the input space (less than 1% of model parameters) while keeping the rest of the model parameters frozen. Extensive studies employing data from new unseen medical centers show that the prompt-based fine-tuning of medical segmentation models provides excellent performance regarding the new-center data with a negligible drop regarding the old centers. Additionally, our strategy delivers great accuracy with minimum re-training on new-center data, significantly decreasing the computational and time costs of fine-tuning pre-trained models. Our source code will be made publicly available.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a fine-tuning strategy for medical image segmentation models, specifically for head and neck cancer. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is related to machine learning and medical imaging, not exergames, and the target population is not specified as older people. Additionally, the study does not involve randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Saho, K., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Experimental Verification of Micro-Doppler Radar Measurements of Fall-Risk-Related Gait Differences for Community-Dwelling Elderly Adults.
[Journal]  SENSORS 22(3).
[Abstract] In a previous study, we developed a classification model to detect fall risk for elderly adults with a history of falls (fallers) using micro-Doppler radar (MDR) gait measurements via simulation. The objective was to create daily monitoring systems that can identify elderly people with a high risk of falls. This study aimed to verify the effectiveness of our model by collecting actual MDR data from community-dwelling elderly people. First, MDR gait measurements were performed in a community setting, and the efficient gait parameters for the classification of fallers were extracted. Then, a support vector machine model that was trained and validated using the simulated MDR data was tested for the gait parameters extracted from the actual MDR data. A classification accuracy of 78.8% was achieved for the actual MDR data. The validity of the experimental results was confirmed based on a comparison with the results of our previous simulation study. Thus, the practicality of the faller classification model constructed using the simulated MDR data was verified for the actual MDR data.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using micro-Doppler radar (MDR) to measure gait and classify fall risk in elderly adults. It does not involve the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The study focuses on validating a classification model for detecting fall risk, rather than implementing an exergame-based intervention.

[Author]   Sain, M. K., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Hybrid deep learning model-based human action recognition in indoor environment.
[Journal]  ROBOTICA 41(12): 3788-3817.
[Abstract] Human activity recognition (HAR) is an emerging challenge among researchers. HAR has many possible uses in various fields, including healthcare, sports, and security. Furthermore, there are only a few publicly accessible datasets for classifying and recognizing physical activity in the literature, and these datasets comprise fewer activities. We created and compared our dataset with available datasets, that is, NTU-RGBD, UP-FALL, UR-Fall, WISDM, and UCI HAR. The proposed dataset consists of seven activities: eating, exercise, handshake, situps, vomiting, headache, and walking. The activities were collected from 20 people between the ages of 25 and 40 years using Kinect V2 sensor at 30 FPS. For classification, we use deep learning architectures based on convolutional neural network (CNN) and long short-term memory (LSTM). Additionally, we developed a novel hybrid deep learning model by combining a CNN, a bidirectional LSTM unit, and a fully connected layer for activity identification. The suggested model builds unique guided features using the preprocessed skeleton coordinates and their distinctive geometrical and kinematic aspects. Results from the experiment are contrasted with the performance of stand-alone CNNs, LSTMs, and ConvLSTM. The proposed model's accuracy of 99.5% surpasses that of CNN, LSTM, and ConvLSTM, which have accuracy rates of 95.76%, 97%, and 98.89%, respectively. Our proposed technique is invariant of stance, speed, individual, clothes, etc. The proposed dataset sample is accessible to the general public.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and testing a hybrid deep learning model for human action recognition in an indoor environment. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as it does not target older people, does not involve an exergame intervention, and does not report on randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Salari, F., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Prediction of substantial closed-globe injuries in orbital wall fractures.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL OPHTHALMOLOGY 44(1).
[Abstract] PurposeTo determine risk factors for substantial closed-globe injuries in orbital fractures (SCGI) and to develop the best multivariate model for the prediction of SCGI.MethodsA retrospective study was performed on patients diagnosed with orbital fractures at Farabi Hospital between 2016 and 2022. Patients with a comprehensive ophthalmologic examination and orbital CT scan were included. Predictive signs or imaging findings for SCGI were identified by logistic regression (LR) analysis. Support vector machine (SVM), random forest regression (RFR), and extreme gradient boosting (XGBoost) were also trained using a fivefold cross-validation method.ResultsA total of 415 eyes from 403 patients were included. Factors associated with an increased risk of SCGI were reduced uncorrected visual acuity (UCVA), increased difference between UCVA of the traumatic eye from the contralateral eye, older age, male sex, grade of periorbital soft tissue trauma, trauma in the occupational setting, conjunctival hemorrhage, extraocular movement restriction, number of fractured walls, presence of medial wall fracture, size of fracture, intraorbital emphysema and retrobulbar hemorrhage. The area under the curve of the receiver operating characteristic for LR, SVM, RFR, and XGBoost for the prediction of SCGI was 57.2%, 68.8%, 63.7%, and 73.1%, respectively.ConclusionsClinical and radiographic findings could be utilized to efficiently predict SCGI. XGBoost outperforms the logistic regression model in the prediction of SCGI and could be incorporated into clinical practice.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about predicting substantial closed-globe injuries in patients with orbital wall fractures. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study involves a retrospective analysis and machine learning models to predict injuries, and it does not mention any exergame interventions or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Saldana, S. J., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Assessing balance through the use of a low-cost head-mounted display in older adults: a pilot study.
[Journal]  CLINICAL INTERVENTIONS IN AGING 12.
[Abstract] Introduction: As the population ages, the prevention of falls is an increasingly important public health problem. Balance assessment forms an important component of fall-prevention programs for older adults. The recent development of cost-effective and highly responsive virtual reality (VR) systems means new methods of balance assessment are feasible in a clinical setting. This proof-of-concept study made use of the submillimeter tracking built into modern VR head-mounted displays (VRHMDs) to assess balance through the use of visual-vestibular conflict. The objective of this study was to evaluate the validity, acceptability, and reliability of using a VRHMD to assess balance in older adults.Materials and methods: Validity was assessed by comparing measurements from the VRHMD to measurements of postural sway from a force plate. Acceptability was assessed through the use of the Simulator Sickness Questionnaire pre-and postexposure to assess possible side effects of the visual-vestibular conflict. Reliability was assessed by measuring correlations between repeated measurements 1 week apart. Variables of possible importance that were found to be reliable (r >= 0.9) between tests separated by a week were then tested for differences compared to a control group. Assessment was performed as a cross-sectional single-site community center-based study in 13 older adults (>= 65 years old, 80.2 +/- 7.3 years old, 77% female, five at risk of falls, eight controls). The VR balance assessment consisted of four modules: a baseline module, a reaction module, a balance module, and a seated assessment.Results: There was a significant difference in the rate at which participants with a risk of falls changed their tilt in the anteroposterior direction compared to the control group. Participants with a risk of falls changed their tilt in the anteroposterior direction at 0.7 degrees/second vs 0.4 degrees/second for those without a history of falls. No significant differences were found between pre/postassessment for oculomotor score or total Simulator Sickness Questionnaire score. Both the force plate and the head-mounted display balance-assessment system were able to detect differences between conditions meant to mask visual and proprioceptive information.Conclusion: This VRHMD is both affordable and portable, causes minimal simulator sickness, and produces repeatable results that can be used to assess balance in older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of a low-cost head-mounted display (VRHMD) to assess balance in older adults, rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The study is a pilot and does not involve a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Saleem, H. Y., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Low-cost materials yield high resolution assessment of anatomic knowledge in surgical residents.
[Journal]  SURGERY 165(6): 1088-1092.
[Abstract] Introduction: Knowledge of anatomy is essential for surgeons. We sought to determine whether it is possible to effectively assess and differentiate the anatomic knowledge of general surgery residents, using pieces of fabric and yarn.Methods: Postgraduate years 2, 3, and 4 general surgery residents were assessed during a simulation-based assessment known as the Surgical X-Games. Residents were allowed 3 minutes to assemble the anatomic structures of the right upper quadrant region and 2 minutes to create the right lower quadrant of the abdomen, using colored felt and yarn. One point (each) was given for naming and placing the structures in the correct position. A checklist was used to assess trainees with a maximum combined score of 150 points.Results: A total of 34 residents (postgraduate year 2 = 16, postgraduate year 3 = 8, postgraduate year 4 = 10) participated in the 2017 fall Surgical X-Games and 31 residents (postgraduate year 2 = 13, postgraduate year 3 = 9, postgraduate year 4 = 9) participated in the spring Surgical X-Games. Total scores increased respective to the level of clinical training in both the fall Surgical X-Games (postgraduate year 2 = 77, postgraduate year 3 = 84, postgraduate year 4 = 93, P = .04) and the spring Surgical X-Games (postgraduate year 2 = 94, postgraduate year 3 = 101, postgraduate year 4 = 109). We observed significant improvement in the right upper quadrant, right lower quadrant, and total scores from the fall to the spring postgraduate year (P < .001).Conclusion: Surgical residents showed an increase in mean anatomical scores from postgraduate years 2 to postgraduate years 3 to postgraduate years 4, using low-fidelity models. This inexpensive, 5-minute test based on a simple checklist may offer surgical educators insight in to residents' anatomic knowledge and potential readiness for clinical rotations. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about assessing the anatomic knowledge of surgical residents using low-cost materials, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are surgical residents, not older people, and the focus is on anatomical knowledge assessment rather than fall prevention through exergames. Additionally, the study does not involve exergames or a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Saleh, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    A Reliable Fall Detection System Based on Analyzing the Physical Activities of Older Adults Living in Long-Term Care Facilities.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON NEURAL SYSTEMS AND REHABILITATION ENGINEERING 29: 2587-2594.
[Abstract] Fall detection systems are designed in view to reduce the serious consequences of falls thanks to the early automatic detection that enables a timely medical intervention. The majority of the state-of-the-art fall detection systems are based on machine learning (ML). For training and performance evaluation, they use some datasets that are collected following predefined simulation protocols i.e. subjects are asked to perform different types of activities and to repeat them several times. Apart from the quality of simulating the activities, protocol-based data collection results in big differences between the distribution of the activities of daily living (ADLs) in these datasets in comparison with the actual distribution in real life. In this work, we first show the effects of this problem on the sensitivity of the ML algorithms and on the interpretability of the reported specificity. Then, we propose a reliable design of an ML-based fall detection system that aims at discriminating falls from the ambiguous ADLs. The latter are extracted from 400 days of recorded activities of older adults experiencing their daily life. The proposed system can be used in neck- and wrist-worn fall detectors. In addition, it is invariant to the rotation of the wearable device. The proposed system shows 100% of sensitivity while it generates an average of one false positive every 25 days for the neck-worn device and an average of one false positive every 3 days for the wrist-worn device.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on the development and evaluation of a fall detection system for older adults, which uses machine learning to analyze physical activities. While the target population (older adults) is relevant, the intervention described is a fall detection system rather than an exergame. The paper does not discuss using exergames or any form of virtual reality, video games, or electronic games as an intervention to prevent falls. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Salis, Z., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Predicting the onset of end-stage knee osteoarthritis over two- and five-years using machine learning.
[Journal]  SEMINARS IN ARTHRITIS AND RHEUMATISM 66.
[Abstract] Objective: Identifying participants who will progress to advanced stage in knee osteoarthritis (KOA) trials remains a significant challenge. Current tools, relying on total knee replacements (TKR), fall short in reliability due to the extraneous factors influencing TKR decisions. Acknowledging these limitations, our study identifies a critical need for a more robust metric to assess severe KOA. The end-stage KOA (esKOA) measure, which combines symptomatic and radiographic criteria, serves as a solid indicator. To enhance future trials that use esKOA as an endpoint, our study focuses on developing and validating a machine-learning tool to identify individuals likely to develop esKOA within 2 to 5 years. Design: Utilizing the Osteoarthritis Initiative (OAI) data, we trained models on 3,114 participants and validated them with 606 participants for the right knee, and similarly for the left knee, with external validation from the Multicentre Osteoarthritis Study (MOST) involving 1,602 participants. We aimed to predict esKOA onset at 2-to2.5 years and 4-to-5 years, defining esKOA by severe radiographic KOA with moderate/severe symptoms or mild/moderate radiographic KOA with persistent/intense symptoms. Our analysis considered 51 candidate predictors, including demographics, clinical history, physical examination, and X-ray evaluations. An online tool predicting esKOA progression, based on models with ten and nine predictors for the right and left knees, respectively, was developed. Results: External validation (MOST) for the right knee at 2.5 years yielded an Area Under Curve (AUC) of 0.847 (95 % CI 0.811 to 0.882), and at 5 years, 0.853 (95 % CI 0.823 to 0.881); for the left knee at 2.5 years, AUC was 0.824 (95 % CI 0.782 to 0.857), and at 5 years, 0.807 (95 % CI 0.768 to 0.843). Models with fewer predictors demonstrated comparable performance. The online tool is available at: https://eskoa.shinyapps.io/webapp/. Conclusion: Our study unveils a robust, externally validated machine learning tool proficient in predicting the onset of esKOA over the next 2 to 5 years. Our tool can lead to more efficient KOA trials.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about predicting the onset of end-stage knee osteoarthritis using machine learning. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention and study focus are unrelated to exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Samuel, G. S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Combining levodopa and virtual reality-based therapy for rehabilitation of the upper limb after acute stroke: pilot study Part II.
[Journal]  SINGAPORE MEDICAL JOURNAL 58(10): 610-617.
[Abstract] INTRODUCTION This study aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of a combination of levodopa and virtual reality (VR)-based therapy for the enhancement of upper limb recovery following acute stroke.METHODS This was a pilot single-blinded case series of acute stroke patients with upper extremity hemiparesis. Patients were randomised to standard care with concomitant administration of either levodopa alone (control group) or combination therapy consisting of VR-based motivational visuomotor feedback training with levodopa neuromodulation (VR group). Main clinical outcome measures were the Fugl-Meyer Upper Extremity (FM-UE) assessment and Action Research Arm Test (ARAT). Kinematic measurements of affected upper limb movement were evaluated as a secondary measure of improvement.RESULTS Of 42 patients screened, four patients were enrolled in each of the two groups. Two patients dropped out from the control group during the trial. Patients receiving combination therapy had clinically significant improvements in FM-UE assessment scores of 16.5 points compared to a 3.0-point improvement among control patients. Similarly, ARAT scores of VR group patients improved by 15.3 points compared to a 10.0-point improvement in the control group. Corresponding improvements were noted in kinematic measures, including hand-path ratio, demonstrating that the quality of upper limb movement improved in the VR group.CONCLUSION Our results suggest that VR-based therapy and pharmacotherapy may be combined for acute stroke rehabilitation. Bedside acquisition of kinematic measurements allows accurate assessment of the quality of limb movement, offering a sensitive clinical tool for quantifying motor recovery during the rehabilitation process after acute stroke.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets acute stroke patients, and the focus is on the rehabilitation of the upper limb using a combination of levodopa and virtual reality-based therapy. The study does not address fall prevention or target older people specifically for that purpose.

[Author]   Sansare, A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Individuals with cerebral palsy show altered responses to visual perturbations during walking.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN HUMAN NEUROSCIENCE 16.
[Abstract] Individuals with cerebral palsy (CP) have deficits in processing of somatosensory and proprioceptive information. To compensate for these deficits, they tend to rely on vision over proprioception in single plane upper and lower limb movements and in standing. It is not known whether this also applies to walking, an activity where the threat to balance is higher. Through this study, we used visual perturbations to understand how individuals with and without CP integrate visual input for walking balance control. Additionally, we probed the balance mechanisms driving the responses to the visual perturbations. More specifically, we investigated differences in the use of ankle roll response i.e., the use of ankle inversion, and the foot placement response, i.e., stepping in the direction of perceived fall. Thirty-four participants (17 CP, 17 age-and sex-matched typically developing controls or TD) were recruited. Participants walked on a self-paced treadmill in a virtual reality environment. Intermittently, the virtual scene was rotated in the frontal plane to induce the sensation of a sideways fall. Our results showed that compared to their TD peers, the overall body sway in response to the visual perturbations was magnified and delayed in CP group, implying that they were more affected by changes in visual cues and relied more so on visual information for walking balance control. Also, the CP group showed a lack of ankle response, through a significantly reduced ankle inversion on the affected side compared to the TD group. The CP group showed a higher foot placement response compared to the TD group immediately following the visual perturbations. Thus, individuals with CP showed a dominant proximal foot placement strategy and diminished ankle roll response, suggestive of a reliance on proximal over distal control of walking balance in individuals with CP.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on individuals with cerebral palsy and their responses to visual perturbations during walking, using a virtual reality environment. It does not target older people, nor is it an exergame intervention designed to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Santhiranayagam, B. K., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    A machine learning approach to estimate Minimum Toe Clearance using Inertial Measurement Units.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 48(16): 4309-4316.
[Abstract] Falls are the primary cause of accidental injuries (52%) and one of the leading causes of death in individuals aged 65 and above. More than 50% of falls in healthy older adults are due to tripping while walking. Minimum toe clearance (i.e., minimum height of the toe above the ground during the mid-swing phase - MTC) has been investigated as an indicator of tripping risk. There is increasing demand for practicable gait monitoring using wearable sensors such as Inertial Measurement Units (IMU) comprising accelerometers and gyroscopes due to their wearability, compactness and low cost. A major limitation however, is intrinsic noise making acceleration integration unreliable and inaccurate for estimating MTC height from IMU data. A machine learning approach to MTC height estimation was investigated in this paper incorporating features from both raw and integrated inertial signals to train Generalized Regression Neural Networks (GRNN) models using a hill-climbing feature-selection method. The GRNN based MTC height predictions demonstrated root-mean-square-error (RMSE) of 6.6 mm with 9 optimum features for young adults and 7.1 mm RMSE with 5 features for the older adults during treadmill walking. The GRNN based MTC height estimation method devised in this project represents approximately 68% less RMSE than other estimation techniques. The research findings show a strong potential for gait monitoring outside the laboratory to provide real-time MTC height information during everyday locomotion. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a machine learning approach with Inertial Measurement Units (IMUs) to estimate Minimum Toe Clearance (MTC) in both young and older adults. While the study does involve older adults and aims to reduce tripping risk, which is related to fall prevention, it does not use exergames as an intervention. The focus is on the development and validation of a machine learning model for MTC estimation, rather than an exergame-based intervention. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sapi, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    The Effects of Exergaming on Sensory Reweighting and Mediolateral Stability of Women Aged Over 60: Usability Study.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 9(3).
[Abstract] Background: Older adults tend to experience difficulties in switching quickly between various reliable sensory inputs, which ultimately may contribute to an increased risk of falls and injuries. Sideward falls are the most frequent cause of hip fractures among older adults. Recently, exergame programs have been confirmed as beneficial tools for enhancing postural control, which can reduce the risk of falls. However, studies to explore more precisely which mechanism of exergaming directly influences older women's ability to balance are still needed. Objective: Our aim was to evaluate, in a single-group pretest/posttest/follow-up usability study, whether Kinect exergame balance training might have a beneficial impact on the sensory reweighting in women aged over 60. Methods: A total of 14 healthy women (mean age 69.57 [SD 4.66] years, mean body mass index 26.21 [SD 2.6] kg/m2) participated in the study. The volunteers trained with the commercially available games of Kinect for Xbox 360 console 3 times (30 minutes/session) a week over a 6-week period (total of 18 visits). Participants' postural sway in both the anteroposterior (AP) and mediolateral (ML) directions was recorded with NeuroCom Balance Master 6.0. To assess and measure postural sensory reweighting, the Modified Clinical Test of Sensory Interaction in Balance was used, where volunteers were exposed to various changes in visual (eyes open or eyes closed) and surface conditions (firm or foam surface). Results: In the ML direction, the Kinect exergame training caused a significant decrease in the sway path on the firm surface with the eyes open (P<.001) and eyes closed (P=.001), and on the foam surface with the eyes open (P=.001) and eyes closed (P<.001) conditions compared with baseline data. The follow-up measurements when compared with the baseline data showed a significant change in the sway path on the firm surface with the eyes open (P<.001) and eyes closed (P<.001) conditions, as well as on the foam surface with the eyes open (P=.003) and eyes closed (P<.001) conditions. Besides, on the firm surface, there were no significant differences in sway path values in the AP direction between the baseline and the posttraining measurements (eyes open: P=.49; eyes closed: P=.18). Likewise, on the foam surface, there were no significant differences in sway path values in the AP direction under both eyes open (P=.24) and eyes closed (P=.84) conditions. Conclusions: The improved posturography measurements of the sway path in the ML direction might suggest that the Kinect exergame balance training may have effects on sensory reweighting, and thus on the balance of women aged over 60. Based on these results, Kinect exergaming may provide a safe and potentially useful tool for improving postural stability in the crucial ML direction, and thus it may help reduce the risk of falling.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of exergames to improve sensory reweighting and mediolateral stability in women aged over 60, which could help reduce the risk of falls. However, it does not meet the criteria for judgment because it is a single-group pretest/posttest/follow-up usability study, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Satone, P., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Multimodal Exercises Adjunct to Virtual Reality in Acromioclavicular Joint Sprain Rehabilitation: A Case Report.
[Journal]  CUREUS JOURNAL OF MEDICAL SCIENCE 16(8).
[Abstract] Acromioclavicular joint (AC) sprains are common, usually resulting from a fall on the corner of the shoulder or, less often, an outstretched arm. In this report, we discussed the assessment and physiotherapy protocol along with virtual reality (VR) training of a 21-year-old male state-level kabaddi player who complained of pain in his left shoulder following a history of fall on his left shoulder while playing. This study highlights clinical assessment, diagnostic assessment, therapeutic intervention, and outcomes for patients with a grade II AC sprain. Pain, range of motion (ROM), and muscle strength were clinically assessed. The patient was managed with cryotherapy, movement with mobilization (MWM), rigid taping, ROM exercises, VR training, and muscle strengthening. The results of the study concluded that our conventional physical therapy along with MWM adjunct to VR facilitates the patient's functional recovery.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a case report focusing on the rehabilitation of a 21-year-old male with an acromioclavicular joint sprain. The intervention includes virtual reality (VR) training, but it does not target older people, and the study is not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sawyer, B. D., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Glanceable, legible typography over complex backgrounds.
[Journal]  ERGONOMICS 63(7): 864-883.
[Abstract] Modern digital interfaces display typeface in ways new to the 500 year old art of typography, driving a shift in reading from primarily long-form to increasingly short-form. In safety-critical settings, such at-a-glance reading competes with the need to understand the environment. To keep both type and the environment legible, a variety of 'middle layer' approaches are employed. But what is the best approach to presenting type over complex backgrounds so as to preserve legibility? This work tests and ranks middle layers in three studies. In the first study, Gaussian blur and semi-transparent 'scrim' middle layer techniques best maximise legibility. In the second, an optimal combination of the two is identified. In the third, letter-localised middle layers are tested, with results favouring drop-shadows. These results, discussed in mixed reality (MR) including overlays, virtual reality (VR), and augmented reality (AR), considers a future in which glanceable reading amidst complex backgrounds is common. Practitioner summary: Typography over complex backgrounds, meant to be read and understood at a glance, was once niche but today is a growing design challenge for graphical user interface HCI. We provide a technique, evidence-based strategies, and illuminating results for maximising legibility of glanceable typography over complex backgrounds.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about improving the legibility of typography over complex backgrounds, particularly in safety-critical settings and digital interfaces. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls. The studies mentioned are focused on evaluating different techniques for presenting text over complex backgrounds, and there is no mention of a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Schaefer, S., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Walking in high-risk settings: Do older adults still prioritize gait when distracted by a cognitive task?
[Journal]  EXPERIMENTAL BRAIN RESEARCH 233(1): 79-88.
[Abstract] When a cognitive and a motor task like walking or keeping one's balance are performed concurrently, performance usually deteriorates. Older adults have often been shown to prioritize their motor performance in such dual-task situations, possibly to protect themselves from falls. The current study investigates whether these prioritization behaviors can still be observed when several challenges are combined. Younger (20-30 years old) and older adults (60-70 years old; n = 24 in each group) were asked to walk through virtual environments with and without a cognitive load ( 3-back task). Walking difficulty was increased by walking on an elevated surface or on a narrow as opposed to a broad track, or both. Walking instructions emphasized speed and accuracy ( avoiding missteps). No instruction was given concerning which performance dimension should be prioritized during dual-task trials. Participants decreased their 3-back performance while walking. Younger adults maintained their walking speed on elevated surfaces and were able to keep the number of missteps low, even when walking on a narrow track while performing the cognitive task. Older adults increased their walking speed on elevated relative to even surfaces and committed more missteps under cognitive load. Results suggest that task prioritization might fail in healthy older adults if several challenges are combined in high-risk settings.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper investigates how older adults prioritize their motor performance (walking) over a cognitive task in high-risk settings, but it does not focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls. The study involves walking through virtual environments with and without a cognitive load, but this is used as a method to assess task prioritization rather than an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial with exergames as the intervention.

[Author]   Schmoelz, W., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Standardized fracture creation in the distal humerus and the olecranon for surgical training and biomechanical testing.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF ORTHOPAEDIC AND TRAUMA SURGERY 142(12): 3853-3861.
[Abstract] Introduction Surgical training and biomechanical testing require models that realistically represent the in vivo injury condition. The aim of this work was to develop and test a method for the generation of distal humerus fractures and olecranon fractures in human specimens, while preserving the soft tissue envelope. Methods Twenty-one cadaveric upper extremity specimens (7 female, 14 male) were used. Two different experimental setups were developed, one to generate distal humerus fractures and one to generate olecranon fractures. Specimens were placed in a material testing machine and fractured with a predefined displacement. The force required for fracturing and the corresponding displacement were recorded and the induced energy was derived of the force-displacement graphs. After fracturing, CT imaging was performed and fractures were classified according to the AO classification. Results Eleven distal humerus fractures and 10 olecranon fractures with intact soft tissue envelope could be created. Distal humerus fractures were classified as AO type C (n = 9) and as type B (n = 2), all olecranon fractures were classified as AO type B (n = 10). Distal humerus fractures required significantly more load than olecranon fractures (6077 N +/- 1583 vs 4136 N +/- 2368, p = 0.038) and absorbed more energy until fracture than olecranon fractures (17.8 J +/- 9.1 vs 11.7 J +/- 7.6, p = 0.11), while the displacement at fracture was similar (5.8 mm +/- 1.6 vs 5.9 mm +/- 3.1, p = 0.89). Conclusion The experimental setups are suitable for generating olecranon fractures and distal humerus fractures with intact soft tissue mantle for surgical training and biomechanical testing.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and testing of a method for creating standardized fractures in the distal humerus and olecranon for surgical training and biomechanical testing. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Schneider, N., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Combining transcranial direct current stimulation with a motor-cognitive task: the impact on dual-task walking costs in older adults.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 18(1).
[Abstract] BackgroundThe performance of a secondary task while walking increases motor-cognitive interference and exacerbates fall risk in older adults. Previous studies have demonstrated that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may improve certain types of dual-task performance, and, that tDCS delivered during the performance of a task may augment the benefits of stimulation, potentially reducing motor-cognitive interference. However, it is not yet known if combining multi-target tDCS with the simultaneous performance of a task related to the tDCS targets reduces or increases dual-task walking costs among older adults. The objectives of the present work were (1) To examine whether tDCS applied during the performance of a task that putatively utilizes the brain networks targeted by the neuro-stimulation reduces dual-task costs, and (2) to compare the immediate after-effects of tDCS applied during walking, during seated-rest, and during sham stimulation while walking, on dual-task walking costs in older adults. We also explored the impact on postural sway and other measures of cognitive function.MethodsA double-blind, 'within-subject' cross-over pilot study evaluated the effects of 20 min of anodal tDCS targeting both the primary motor cortex (M1) and the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (lDLPFC) in 25 healthy older adults (73.95.2 years). Three stimulation conditions were assessed in three separate sessions: (1) tDCS while walking in a complex environment (tDCS+walking), (2) tDCS while seated (tDCS+seated), and (3) walking in a complex environment with sham tDCS (sham+walking). The complex walking condition utilized virtual reality to tax motor and cognitive abilities. During each session, usual-walking, dual-task walking, quiet standing sway, and cognitive function (e.g., Stroop test) were assessed before and immediately after stimulation. Dual-task costs to gait speed and other measures were computed.ResultsThe dual-task cost to gait speed was reduced after tDCS+walking (p=0.004) as compared to baseline values. Neither tDCS+seated (p=0.173) nor sham+walking (p=0.826) influenced this outcome. Similar results were seen for other gait measures and for Stroop performance. Sway was not affected by tDCS.ConclusionstDCS delivered during the performance of challenging walking decreased the dual-task cost to walking in older adults when they were tested just after stimulation. These results support the existence of a state-dependent impact of neuro-modulation that may set the stage for a more optimal neuro-rehabilitation.Trial registration: Clinical Trials Gov Registrations Number: NCT02954328.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study does involve older adults and a virtual reality environment, the primary intervention is transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) combined with a motor-cognitive task. The focus is on the impact of tDCS on dual-task walking costs, rather than the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls.

[Author]   Schoene, D., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    A Stroop Stepping Test (SST) using low-cost computer game technology discriminates between older fallers and non-fallers.
[Journal]  AGE AND AGEING 43(2): 285-289.
[Abstract] Background: impaired stepping and reduced cognitive functioning have both been identified as fall-risk factors in older people. We developed a Stroop Stepping Test (SST) that combines stepping and response inhibition using low-cost computer game technology to provide a functional measure that reflects real-life behaviour and determined whether this test discriminates between older fallers and non-fallers.Methods: a cross-sectional study, including 103-independent living cognitively intact older people (70-93 years), was conducted. Participants were assessed on the SST and other outcome measures associated with fall-risk. The SST presented arrows on a computer screen with words written within them. Participants were asked to step in the direction indicated by the word and ignore the arrow orientation. Participants also reported whether they had fallen or not in the past 12 months.Results: twenty-eight percent of participants reported falling in the past year. SST mean time per trial [OR: 1.72 (95% confidence interval 1.02-2.91) and SST errors (OR: 1.53 (1.14-2.07)] were associated with falls. After adjusting for other fall-risk factors in a multivariate logistic regression analysis, each error made during SST increased the odds of falling by a factor 1.7 [OR: 1.65 (1.17-2.34)].Conclusions: this study shows the SST-a low-cost video game device-is feasible for older people to undertake. The SST was able to distinguish fallers from non-fallers, providing a novel way to explore cognitive mechanisms for fall-risk in older people.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a Stroop Stepping Test (SST) that uses low-cost computer game technology to assess fall risk in older people. While the intervention does target older people and involves a form of exergame, the study is a cross-sectional study, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Schoene, D., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    The effect of interactive cognitive-motor training in reducing fall risk in older people: a systematic review.
[Journal]  BMC GERIATRICS 14.
[Abstract] Background: It is well-known physical exercise programs can reduce falls in older people. Recently, several studies have evaluated interactive cognitive-motor training that combines cognitive and gross motor physical exercise components. The aim of this systematic review was to determine the effects of these interactive cognitive-motor interventions on fall risk in older people.Methods: Studies were identified with searches of the PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane CENTRAL databases from their inception up to 31 December 2013. Criteria for inclusion were a) at least one treatment arm that contained an interactive cognitive-motor intervention component; b) a minimum age of 60 or a mean age of 65 years; c) reported falls or at least one physical, psychological or cognitive fall risk factor as an outcome measure; d) published in Dutch, English or German. Single case studies and robot-assisted training interventions were excluded. Due to the diversity of populations included, outcome measures and heterogeneity in study designs, no meta-analyses were conducted.Results: Thirty-seven studies fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Reporting and methodological quality were often poor and sample sizes were mostly small. One pilot study found balance board training reduced falls and most studies reported training improved physical (e.g. balance and strength) and cognitive (e.g. attention, executive function) measures. Inconsistent results were found for psychological measures related to falls-efficacy. Very few between-group differences were evident when interactive cognitive-motor interventions were compared to traditional training programs.Conclusions: The review findings provide preliminary evidence that interactive cognitive-motor interventions can improve physical and cognitive fall risk factors in older people, but that the effect of such interventions on falls has not been definitively demonstrated. Interactive cognitive-motor interventions appear to be of equivalent efficacy in ameliorating fall risk as traditional training programs. However, as most studies have methodological limitations, larger, high-quality trials are needed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, and it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial with original data. Instead, it synthesizes the findings from multiple studies that have evaluated interactive cognitive-motor training in older people. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for inclusion based on the specified guidelines.

[Author]   Scholz, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Fear of falling and falls in people with multiple sclerosis: A literature review.
[Journal]  MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS AND RELATED DISORDERS 47.
[Abstract] Introduction: Fear of falling (FOF) is a widespread problem affecting about 60% of people with multiple sclerosis (pwMS). Inflammatory lesions in the brain that are caused by the disease result in gait deficits and increase the risk of fall. Falls induce fear of falling and trigger a vicious circle, which in turn increases the likelihood of falling. Objective of this review was to provide an overview of existing research on the effects of FOF and therapy options in multiple sclerosis.Methods: A systematic search at Web of Science and PubMed was conducted. The search included the terms (fear of falling) OR (concern about falling) OR (fall anxiety) AND (multiple sclerosis).Results: In included studies, FOF was measured by different instruments. The Falls Efficacy Scale-International (FES-I) was the most frequently used instrument for pwMS. Patients with a higher FOF score fell more frequently, had lower walking speed, shorter stride length, larger ellipse sway area and a more severe disability. At present, therapeutic offers exist mainly in the field of physiotherapy. For reducing FOF, assisted vibration (d(z) = 0.68), VR (d(z) =0.87) and bicycle training (d(z) = 1.23) were the most effective methods.Conclusion: It is advisable to develop therapies that incorporate both physical and psychological aspects in neurorehabilitation, like in a cognitive behavioral therapy. Moreover, FOF monitoring should be integrated into the clinical routine.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a literature review focusing on the fear of falling and falls in people with multiple sclerosis. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as it is a review rather than an original randomized controlled trial, and the primary population is people with multiple sclerosis, not specifically older people.

[Author]   Schoneveld, E. A., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Preventing Childhood Anxiety Disorders: Is an Applied Game as Effective as a Cognitive Behavioral Therapy-Based Program?
[Journal]  PREVENTION SCIENCE 19(2): 220-232.
[Abstract] A large proportion of children experience subclinical levels of anxiety and cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) aimed at preventing anxiety disorders is moderately effective. However, most at-risk children do not seek help or drop out of programs prematurely because of stigma, lack of motivation, and accessibility barriers. Applied games have received increased attention as viable alternatives and have shown promising results, but direct comparisons between applied games and the gold-standard CBT are lacking. Our aim was to investigate whether the applied game MindLight is as effective as CBT (i.e., Coping Cat) within an indicated prevention context. We conducted a randomized controlled non-inferiority trial with a sample of 174 children (7- to 12-year olds) with elevated levels of anxiety, comparing MindLight to CBT. Anxiety was assessed with self- and parent-reports at pre- and post-program, and at 3- and 6-month follow-ups. Intention-to-treat and completers-only confidence interval approach and latent growth curve modeling showed an overall significant quadratic decrease in child- and parent-reported anxiety symptoms over time and, as predicted, the magnitude of improvement was the same for MindLight and CBT. The within-group effect sizes were small to medium at post-test (- 0.32 to - 0.63), and medium to large (- 0.60 to - 1.07) at 3- and 6-month follow-ups. Furthermore, MindLight and CBT were rated equally anxiety inducing, difficult, and appealing; CBT was rated as more relevant to daily life than MindLight. The current study adds to the growing research on applied games for mental health and shows that these games hold potential as alternative delivery models for evidence-based therapeutic techniques.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets children, and the focus is on preventing anxiety disorders using an applied game compared to cognitive-behavioral therapy. The criteria for the intervention targeting older people and focusing on fall prevention are not met.

[Author]   Schulz, E. B., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Case-mix adjusted postanaesthesia care unit length of stay and business intelligence dashboards for feedback to anaesthetists.
[Journal]  BRITISH JOURNAL OF ANAESTHESIA 125(6): 1079-1087.
[Abstract] Background: Despite advances in business intelligence software and evidence that feedback to doctors can improve outcomes, objective feedback regarding patient outcomes for individual anaesthetists is hampered by lack of useful benchmarks. We aimed to address this issue by producing case-mix and risk-adjusted postanaesthesia care unit (PACU) length of stay (LOS) benchmarks for integration into modern reporting tools.Methods: We extended existing hospital information systems to calculate predicted PACU LOS using a neural network trained on patient age, surgery duration, sex, operating specialty, urgency, weekday, and insurance status (n=100 511). We then calculated the difference between observed mean and predicted PACU LOS for individual doctors, and compared the results with and without case-mix adjustment. We report practical implications of using visual analytics dashboards displaying the difference between observed and predicted PACU LOS to provide feedback to anaesthetic doctors.Results: The neural network accounted for over half of observed variation in individual doctors' mean PACU LOS (mean predicted and mean actual LOS Spearman's r(2)=0.57). Account for case-mix reduced apparent spread, with 80% of individual doctors falling in a band of 4.3 min after case-mix adjusting, compared with a range of 24 min without adjustment. Case-mix adjusting also identified different individual doctors as outliers (Weighted Cohen's kappa [kappa]=0.27). Finally, we demonstrated that we were able to integrate the adjusted metrics into routine reporting tools.Conclusion: With caution, case-mix adjustment of anaesthetic outcome measures such as PACU LOS potentially provides a useful continuous quality improvement tool. Unadjusted outcome measures are imprecise at best and misleading at worst.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on using business intelligence dashboards and case-mix adjusted postanaesthesia care unit (PACU) length of stay to provide feedback to anaesthetists. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention, target population, or study design related to exergames and fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Schumacher, H., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    A prospective, randomized evaluation of the feasibility of exergaming on patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
[Journal]  BONE MARROW TRANSPLANTATION 53(5): 584-590.
[Abstract] The positive effects of physical and sports therapy for strain dependent physical practice and improved quality of life (QoL) are well known. Nevertheless, the available capacities and problem-oriented therapies in the setting of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) are limited. We conducted a prospective, randomized study among 42 HSCT recipients in order to investigate the influence of exergaming on Nintendo Wii (R) or classical physiotherapy (PT) on physical fitness and psychological well-being. The trial included evaluation of muscle strength, endurance, physical activity, distress, QoL, anxiety, and depression. Within the first 2 weeks after HSCT endurance, muscle strength and physical well-being decreased, while the value of distress increased significantly in both groups. However, exergaming on Nintendo Wii (R) resulted in a decrease of anxiety and depression and improved emotional well-being, while the PT group showed a contrariwise pattern of these features. Analysis of the FACT-BMT revealed a decline of QoL domains 2 and 4 weeks after HSCT and an improvement afterwards. The decrease of functional status after HSCT was accompanied by a drop of QoL and an increase of distress in both groups. However, our prospective study demonstrates that exergaming using the Nintendo Wii (R) is feasible and well tolerated in HSCT recipients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation, and the primary focus is on physical fitness, psychological well-being, and quality of life, rather than fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Schussler, S., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Interests of nursing homes residents with dementia for virtual reality-based leisure activities: A cross-sectional pilot study.
[Journal]  Alzheimer's & dementia : the journal of the Alzheimer's Association 17 Suppl 11: e053668-e053668.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: A lack of resources in nursing homes can lead to standardized (leisure) activities for residents because of insufficient tailoring of individual interests. Virtual reality (VR) has the potential to provide enjoyable leisure activities for positive outcomes like well-being. This study explores past and possible future interests of nursing home residents with dementia for the development of VR-based (leisure) activities.METHOD: This cross-sectional pilot study, a first step in a mixed-methods project, used a standardized questionnaire based on the Modified Interest Checklist - Diverse Learners. In total, seven residents with mild dementia from one rural Austrian nursing home participated in the study in February 2020.RESULT: The residents were mainly female (57%), on average 82 years old and partially care dependent. The most-mentioned past interests were playing cards (85.7%) as well as swimming, cycling, singing, practicing arts and crafts, cooking and baking, gardening, and listening to music/the radio (71,4% each) followed by (family) visits, watching television, washing and ironing clothes with 57,1% each. Further reported interests were hiking, taking walks, dancing, and travelling/going on holidays with 42.9%. There was no interest (0%) in rowing, philosophy, playing computer games, Yoga, Zumba, American football, or baseball. Residents most-mentioned possible future interests were singing, decorating rooms, listening to music/ the radio, and driving a car with 85.7%, followed by getting a massage, ninepin bowling, gardening, cooking and baking, watching TV, taking day trips, and reading with 71.4% each. Furthermore, 57.1% of the residents would enjoy doing some laundry and ironing, repair works, barbecues, and going walking or shopping. There was no interest (0%) in sports activities such as soccer, baseball, golf, or American football.CONCLUSION: Surveying past and possible future interests of nursing home residents with dementia shows that especially the (leisure) activities gardening, listening to music/the radio, cooking and baking, washing and ironing clothes and taking walks are of high interest. This is the basis for the next step in the project, using qualitative interviews to obtain more detailed descriptions of residents' explored interests to then develop VR-scenarios for residents' individual (leisure) activities needs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on exploring the interests of nursing home residents with dementia for virtual reality-based leisure activities, and it does not meet the criteria for an intervention targeting fall prevention or using exergames specifically for that purpose. Additionally, the study is a cross-sectional pilot study and does not include a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Schuster-Amft, C., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Effect of a four-week virtual reality-based training versus conventional therapy on upper limb motor function after stroke: A multicenter parallel group randomized trial.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 13(10).
[Abstract] BackgroundVirtual reality-based training has found increasing use in neurorehabilitation to improve upper limb training and facilitate motor recovery.ObjectiveThe aim of this study was to directly compare virtual reality-based training with conventional therapy.MethodsIn a multi-center, parallel-group randomized controlled trial, patients at least 6 months after stroke onset were allocated either to an experimental group (virtual reality-based training) or a control group receiving conventional therapy (16x45 minutes within 4 weeks). The virtual reality-based training system replicated patients' upper limb movements in real-time to manipulate virtual objects.Blinded assessors tested patients twice before, once during, and twice after the intervention up to 2-month follow-up for dexterity (primary outcome: Box and Block Test), bimanual upper limb function (Chedoke-McMaster Arm and Hand Activity Inventory), and subjective perceived changes (Stroke Impact Scale).Results54 eligible patients (70 screened) participated (15 females, mean age 61.3 years, range 2081 years, time since stroke 3.0 +/- SD 3 years). 22 patients were allocated to the experimental group and 32 to the control group (3 drop-outs). Patients in the experimental and control group improved: Box and Block Test mean 21.5 +/- SD 16 baseline to mean 24.1 +/- SD 17 follow-up; Chedoke-McMaster Arm and Hand Activity Inventory mean 66.0 +/- SD 21 baseline to mean 70.2 +/- SD 19 follow-up. An intention-to-treat analysis found no between-group differences.ConclusionsPatients in the experimental and control group showed similar effects, with most improvements occurring in the first two weeks and persisting until the end of the two-month followup period. The study population had moderate to severely impaired motor function at entry (Box and Block Test mean 21.5 +/- SD 16). Patients, who were less impaired (Box and Block Test range 18 to 72) showed higher improvements in favor of the experimental group. This result could suggest that virtual reality-based training might be more applicable for such patients than for more severely impaired patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of virtual reality-based training to improve upper limb motor function in stroke patients, rather than specifically targeting the prevention of falls in the elderly. While the intervention involves a form of exergame (virtual reality), and the study is a randomized controlled trial, the primary objective and outcomes are related to upper limb motor function and not fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Schwenk, M., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    An Intensive Exercise Program Improves Motor Performances in Patients with Dementia: Translational Model of Geriatric Rehabilitation.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ALZHEIMERS DISEASE 39(3): 487-498.
[Abstract] Background: Translation of intensive exercise programs developed specifically for patients with dementia into clinical settings is lacking.Objective: To determine if a progressive resistance and functional training program, previously evaluated in dementia outpatients, can be implemented in a geriatric inpatient setting in order to improve motor performances in patients with dementia.Methods: Eligible patients in one ward of a German geriatric hospital were assigned to the intervention group (IG, n = 74) and received intensive exercise training specifically designed for patients with dementia. Patients in the second ward were observed as a control group (CG, n = 74). All patients received usual care treatment. Primary endpoints were maximal lower extremity strength measured by a leg-press device and duration of the 5-chair-stand test for functional performance. Secondary outcomes included a number of parameters for strength and function.Results: The rehabilitation period averaged 18.1 +/- 6.8 days. The IG significantly improved in both primary endpoints (change: maximal strength, IG: +51.9 +/- 42.3% versus CG: +13.5 +/- 51.8%, p < 0.001; functional performance, IG: -19.2 +/- 22.3% versus CG:-3.8 +/- 32.2% s, p = 0.037). Secondary outcomes confirmed effects for strength and some, but not all, functional parameters. Interestingly, low baseline motor status, but not cognitive status, predicted positive training response.Conclusion: An intensive exercise program can be implemented in a geriatric rehabilitation setting to improve motor performances in patients with dementia. Results suggest that an intensification of training is feasible in the target group and substantially increases the benefits in comparison to receiving usual care exercise only.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes an intensive exercise program, specifically progressive resistance and functional training, for patients with dementia. While the intervention targets older people and includes a randomized controlled trial, it does not involve exergames (such as virtual reality, video games, or electronic games). The intervention is a traditional exercise program, so it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Schwenk, M., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Sensor-based balance training with motion feedback in people with mild cognitive impairment.
[Journal]  Journal of rehabilitation research and development 53(6): 945-958.
[Abstract] Some individuals with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) experience not only cognitive deficits but also a decline in motor function, including postural balance. This pilot study sought to estimate the feasibility, user experience, and effects of a novel sensor-based balance training program. Patients with amnestic MCI (mean age 78.2 yr) were randomized to an intervention group (IG, n = 12) or control group (CG, n = 10). The IG underwent balance training (4 wk, twice a week) that included weight shifting and virtual obstacle crossing. Real-time visual/audio lower-limb motion feedback was provided from wearable sensors. The CG received no training. User experience was measured by a questionnaire. Postintervention effects on balance (center of mass sway during standing with eyes open [EO] and eyes closed), gait (speed, variability), cognition, and fear of falling were measured. Eleven participants (92%) completed the training and expressed fun, safety, and helpfulness of sensor feedback. Sway (EO, p = 0.04) and fear of falling (p = 0.02) were reduced in the IG compared to the CG. Changes in other measures were nonsignificant. Results suggest that the sensor-based training paradigm is well accepted in the target population and beneficial for improving postural control. Future studies should evaluate the added value of the sensor-based training compared to traditional training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation:
- The intervention targets older people with mild cognitive impairment, which meets the first criterion.
- The intervention includes a sensor-based balance training program with virtual obstacle crossing and real-time visual/audio feedback, which can be considered an exergame, meeting the second criterion.
- The study is a randomized controlled trial, and the results are reported, meeting the third criterion.
- However, the paper is described as a "pilot study" that sought to estimate feasibility and user experience, and it does not appear to be a full-scale randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not fully meet the criteria for inclusion based on the fourth criterion.

[Author]   Sclafani, M. P., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Rehabilitation following an acute traumatic first rib fracture in a collegiate football player: a case report and literature review.
[Journal]  International journal of sports physical therapy 9(7): 1021-1029.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Isolated fractures involving the first rib are rare and often difficult to diagnose. There is a paucity of literature regarding isolated fractures and even fewer reported cases involving those due to contact. The purpose of this case report is to describe the mechanism of injury, differential diagnosis, rehabilitation, and return to sport decision making for an isolated first rib fracture secondary to acute trauma in a collegiate football player.CASE DESCRIPTION: An 18 year-old right-hand dominant male collegiate football player was involved in a facemask-to-facemask collision during a football game while playing defensive back. His chief complaint during the sideline evaluation was left-sided neck and shoulder pain with concomitant clicking reported with active movement of his left shoulder.OUTCOMES: A musculoskeletal ultrasound performed in the training room suggested a possible scapular spine fracture. However, a subsequent magnetic resonance image revealed an acute isolated anterolateral fracture of the first rib. The subject was treated conservatively with extensive rehabilitation and was able to return to full participation for summer training camp as well as the fall football season at the same level of play as prior to injury.DISCUSSION: An isolated first rib fracture is extremely rare due to the unique anatomical location of the first rib posterior to the clavicle, as well as the surrounding shoulder girdle and associated layer of musculature. Identifying this injury can be challenging due to vaguely reported symptoms and the paucity of reported incidences. In the setting of an isolated injury, conservative management including structured rehabilitation can lead to successful outcomes and return to play. This is the first published rehabilitation guideline for an acute isolated first-rib fracture secondary to trauma.LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: 4 - Single case report.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a case report about the rehabilitation of a collegiate football player following an acute traumatic first rib fracture. It does not target older people, it does not involve exergames, and it is not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Scorcelletti, M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Associations between long-term exercise participation and lower limb joint and whole-bone geometry in young and older adults.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PHYSIOLOGY 14.
[Abstract] Introduction: Features of lower limb bone geometry are associated with movement kinematics and clinical outcomes including fractures and osteoarthritis. Therefore, it is important to identify their determinants. Lower limb geometry changes dramatically during development, partly due to adaptation to the forces experienced during physical activity. However, the effects of adulthood physical activity on lower limb geometry, and subsequent associations with muscle function are relatively unexplored.Methods: 43 adult males were recruited; 10 young (20-35 years) trained i.e., regional to world-class athletes, 12 young sedentary, 10 older (60-75 years) trained and 11 older sedentary. Skeletal hip and lower limb geometry including acetabular coverage and version angle, total and regional femoral torsion, femoral and tibial lateral and frontal bowing, and frontal plane lower limb alignment were assessed using magnetic resonance imaging. Muscle function was assessed recording peak power and force of jumping and hopping using mechanography. Associations between age, training status and geometry were assessed using multiple linear regression, whilst associations between geometry and muscle function were assessed by linear mixed effects models with adjustment for age and training.Results: Trained individuals had 2 degrees (95% CI:0.6 degrees-3.8 degrees; p = 0.009) higher femoral frontal bowing and older individuals had 2.2 degrees (95% CI:0.8 degrees-3.7 degrees; p = 0.005) greater lateral bowing. An age-by-training interaction indicated 4 degrees (95% CI:1.4 degrees-7.1 degrees; p = 0.005) greater acetabular version angle in younger trained individuals only. Lower limb geometry was not associated with muscle function (p > 0.05).Discussion: The ability to alter skeletal geometry via exercise in adulthood appears limited, especially in epiphyseal regions. Furthermore, lower limb geometry does not appear to be associated with muscle function.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the associations between long-term exercise participation and lower limb joint and whole-bone geometry in both young and older adults, but it does not involve exergames or a specific intervention aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the methods described do not include a randomized controlled trial, and the focus is on physical activity and bone geometry rather than fall prevention.

[Author]   Scott, E. E., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    The autonomic nervous system in its natural environment: Immersion in nature is associated with changes in heart rate and heart rate variability.
[Journal]  PSYCHOPHYSIOLOGY 58(4).
[Abstract] Stress Recovery Theory (SRT) suggests that time spent in nature reduces stress. While many studies have examined changes in stress physiology after exposure to nature imagery, nature virtual reality, or nature walks, this study is the first to examine changes in heart rate (HR) and vagally mediated HR variability, as assessed by Respiratory Sinus Arrythmia (RSA), after a longer duration of nature exposure. Consistent with SRT, we hypothesized that immersion in nature would promote stress recovery, as indexed by an increase in RSA and a decrease in HR. We also predicted that exposure to nature would improve self-reported mood. We used a within-subjects design (N = 67) to assess changes in peripheral physiology before, during, and after a 5-day nature trip. Results demonstrated a significant decrease in RSA and a significant increase in HR during the trip compared to before or after the trip, suggesting that immersion in nature is associated with a shift toward parasympathetic withdrawal and possible sympathetic activation. These results were contrary to our hypotheses and may suggest increased attentional intake or presence of emotions associated with an increase in sympathetic activation. We also found an improvement in self-reported measures of mood during the trip compared to before or after the trip, confirming our hypotheses and replicating previous research. Implications of this study are discussed in the context of SRT.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of immersion in nature on heart rate and heart rate variability, and it does not meet the criteria for an exergame intervention or target fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Scott, H., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Social media use and adolescent sleep patterns: cross-sectional findings from the UK millennium cohort study.
[Journal]  BMJ OPEN 9(9).
[Abstract] Objectives This study examines associations between social media use and multiple sleep parameters in a large representative adolescent sample, controlling for a wide range of covariates.Design The authors used cross-sectional data from the Millennium Cohort Study, a large nationally representative UK birth cohort study.Participants Data from 11872 adolescents (aged 13-15 years) were used in analyses.Methods Six self-reported sleep parameters captured sleep timing and quality: sleep onset and wake times (on school days and free days), sleep onset latency (time taken to fall asleep) and trouble falling back asleep after nighttime awakening. Binomial logistic regressions investigated associations between daily social media use and each sleep parameter, controlling for a range of relevant covariates.Results Average social media use was 1 to <3 hours per day (31.6%, n=3720). 33.7% were classed as low users (<1 hour; n=3986); 13.9% were high users (3 to <5 hours; n=1602) and 20.8% were very high users (5+ hours; n=2203). Girls reported spending more time on social media than boys. Overall, heavier social media use was associated with poorer sleep patterns, controlling for covariates. For example, very high social media users were more likely than comparable average users to report late sleep onset (OR 2.14, 95%CI 1.83 to 2.50) and wake times (OR 1.97, 95%CI 1.32 to 2.93) on school days and trouble falling back asleep after nighttime awakening (OR 1.36, 95%CI 1.10 to 1.66).Conclusions This study provides a normative profile of UK adolescent social media use and sleep. Results indicate statistically and practically significant associations between social media use and sleep patterns, particularly late sleep onset. Sleep education and interventions can focus on supporting young people to balance online interactions with an appropriate sleep schedule that allows sufficient sleep on school nights.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the association between social media use and sleep patterns in adolescents, not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sebro, R. and C. de la Garza-ramos (2023). 
[Title]    Utilizing machine learning for opportunistic screening for low BMD using CT scans of the cervical spine.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEURORADIOLOGY 50(3): 293-301.
[Abstract] Background: Computed Tomography (CT) scans of the cervical spine are often performed to evaluate patients for trauma and degenerative changes of the cervical spine. We hypothesized that the CT attenuation of the cervical vertebrae can be used to identify patients who should be screened for osteoporosis.Methods: A retrospective study of 253 patients (177 training/validation and 76 test) with unenhanced CT scans of the cervical spine and Dual-energy x-ray Absorbtiometry (DXA) studies within 12 months of each other was performed. Volumetric segmentation of C1-T1, clivus, and first ribs was performed to obtain the CT attenuation of each bone. The correlations of the CT attenuations between the bones and with DXA meas-urements were evaluated. Univariate receiver operator characteristic (ROC) analyses, and multivariate classi-fiers (Random Forest (RF), XGBoost, Naive Bayes (NB), and Support Vector Machines (SVM)) analyzing the CT attenuation of all bones, were utilized to predict patients with osteopenia/osteoporosis and femoral neck bone mineral density (BMD) T-scores <-1.Results: There were positive correlations between the CT attenuation of each bone, and with the DXA meas-urements. A CT attenuation threshold of 305.2 Hounsfield Units (HU) at C3 had the highest accuracy (0.763, AUC=0.814) to detect femoral neck BMD T-scores <=-1 and a CT attenuation threshold of 323.6 HU at C3 had the highest accuracy (0.774, AUC=0.843) to detect osteopenia/osteoporosis. The SVM classifier (AUC=0.756) had higher AUC than the RF (AUC=0.692, P=0.224), XGBoost (AUC=0.736; P=0.814), NB (AUC=0.622, P=0.133) and CT threshold of 305.2 HU at C3 (AUC=0.704, P=0.531) classifiers to identify patients with femoral neck BMD T-scores <-1. The SVM classifier (accuracy=0.816) was more accurate than using the CT threshold of 305.2 HU at C3 (accuracy=0.671) (McNemar's x21=7.55, P=0.006).Conclusion: Opportunistic screening for low BMD can be done using cervical spine CT scans. A SVM classifier was more accurate than using the CT threshold of 305.2 HU at C3.(c) 2022 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about utilizing machine learning for opportunistic screening of low bone mineral density (BMD) using CT scans of the cervical spine. It does not involve exergames, and it is not focused on preventing falls in the elderly. The study is a retrospective analysis and does not include any intervention, let alone an exergame.

[Author]   Seeley, M. A., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Teaching the Basics: Development and Validation of a Distal Radius Reduction and Casting Model.
[Journal]  CLINICAL ORTHOPAEDICS AND RELATED RESEARCH 475(9): 2298-2305.
[Abstract] Background Approximately one-third of reduced pediatric distal radius fractures redisplace, resulting in further treatment. Two major modifiable risk factors for loss of reduction are reduction adequacy and cast quality. Closed reduction and immobilization of distal radius fractures is an Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education residency milestone. Teaching and assessing competency could be improved with a life-like simulation training tool.Questions/purposes Our goal was to develop and validate a realistic distal radius fracture reduction and casting simulator as determined by (1) a questionnaire regarding the "realism" of the model and (2) the quantitative assessments of reduction time, residual angulation, and displacement.Methods A distal radius fracture model was created with radiopaque bony segments and articulating elbows and shoulders. Simulated periosteum and internal deforming forces required proper reduction and casting techniques to achieve and maintain reduction. The forces required were estimated through an iterative process through feedback from experienced clinicians. Embedded monofilaments allowed for quantitative assessment of residual displacement and angulation through the use of fluoroscopy. Subjects were asked to perform closed reduction and apply a long arm fiberglass cast. Primary performance variables assessed included reduction time, residual angulation, and displacement. Secondary performance variables consisted of number of fluoroscopic images, casting time, and cast index (defined as the ratio of the internal width of the forearm cast in the sagittal plane to the internal width in the coronal plane at the fracture site). Subject grading was performed by two blinded reviewers. Interrater reliability was nearly perfect across all measurements (intraclass correlation coefficient range, 0.94-0.99), thus disagreements in measurements were handled by averaging the assessed values. After completion the participants answered a Likert-based questionnaire regarding the realism of simulation. Eighteen participants consented to participate in the study (eight attending pediatric orthopaedic surgeons, six junior residents, four senior residents). The performances of junior residents (Postgraduate Year [PGY] 1-2), senior residents (PGY 3-5), and attending surgeons were compared using one-way ANOVA with Tukey's-adjusted pairwise comparisons.Results The majority of participants (15 of 18) felt that the model looked, felt, and moved like a human forearm. All participants strongly agreed that the model taught the basic steps of fracture reduction and should be implemented in orthopaedic training. Attending surgeons reduced fractures in less time than junior residents (60 +/- 27 seconds versus 460 +/- 62 seconds; mean difference, 400 seconds; 95% CI, 335-465 seconds; p < 0.001). Residual angulation was greater for junior residents when compared with attending surgeons on AP (7 degrees +/- 5 degrees versus 0.7 degrees +/- 0.9 degrees; mean difference, 6.3 degrees; 95% CI, 3 degrees-11 degrees; p = 0.003) and lateral (27 degrees +/- 7 degrees versus 7 degrees +/- 5 degrees; mean difference, 20 degrees; 95% CI, 13 degrees-27 degrees; p = 0.001) radiographs. Similarly, residual displacement was greater for junior residents than either senior residents (mean difference, 16 mm; 95% CI, 2-34 mm; p = 0.05) or attending surgeons (mean difference, 15 mm; 95% CI, 3-27 mm; p = 0.02) on lateral images. There were no differences identified in secondary performance variables (number of fluoroscopic images, casting time, and cast index) between groups.Conclusions This is the first distal radius fracture reduction model to incorporate an elbow and shoulder and allow quantitative assessment of the fracture reduction. This simulator may be useful in an orthopaedic resident training program to help them reach a defined minimum level of competency. This simulator also could easily be integrated in other accreditation and training programs, including emergency medicine.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and validation of a distal radius reduction and casting model for teaching and assessing competency in orthopedic training. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not focus on preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Seers, T. D., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Virtual outcrop geology comes of age: The application of consumer-grade virtual reality hardware and software to digital outcrop data analysis.
[Journal]  COMPUTERS & GEOSCIENCES 159.
[Abstract] In this work, the application of consumer-grade virtual reality (VR) hardware and software to the analysis of digital outcrop data is explored. Here, we utilize a widely available VR hardware platform (HTC Vive) and VR based freeform 3D visual arts software package (Google Tilt Brush), to digitize fault traces from photo-textured digital outcrop models of exposures of the Penrith Sandstone Formation (Lacy's Caves), in northwest England. Using MATLAB routines provided herein, triangular meshes output from Tilt Brush are used as the basis for 3D fracture trace map extraction, which in turn, are used to generate fracture properties (trace length, orientation, areal fracture intensity). We compare the results of this analysis to two equivalent datasets obtained from the Lacy's Caves model using digital outcrop analysis deployed via a conventional flat panel display: namely (1) a 3D trace map extracted using optical ray tracing from manually interpreted calibrated images and (2) 3D traces fitted directly the Lacy's Caves textured mesh using manual polyline interpretation within an established digital outcrop analysis software platform (OpenPlot). Fault statistics obtained using VR based analysis are broadly equivalent to those acquired from 3D trace maps extracted using the flat panel display deployed analyses presented herein. In this case study, it was found that VR based digital outcrop analysis provided faster data acquisition than the comparative pixel-based approach, which requires linkage and merging of traces mapped from multiple contiguous images. Manual raster analysis and optical ray tracing did however provide 3D trace maps with significantly higher areal fault intensity, with VR analysis incurring censoring of finer fault traces, due to the limited resolution of the outcrop model textured mesh. Whilst data acquisition times and resultant fault intensities proved similar between the VR and OpenPlot workflows, it was noted anecdotally, that the VR analysis holds some advantages for the operator when interpreting models exhibiting complex geometries, such as mine workings and caves systems, with the clip point implemented within the viewport of conventional digital outcrop analysis software tools obstructing the user from obtaining an optimum view of the outcrop surface. VR based digital outcrop analysis techniques, such as those presented here, provide an immersive analytical environment to the operator. This allows users to fuse powerful 3D visualizations of photo-realistic outcrop models with geological interpretation and data collection, fulfilling the early promise of 'virtual outcrops' as an analytical medium that can emulate traditional fieldwork. It is hoped that this study and its associated code library will facilitate the evaluation of emerging VR technologies for digital outcrop applications, by provided access to VR analytical tools for non-specialists in virtual reality systems. Finally, prospects for the use of VR technology within the field of digital outcrop geology, as well as within the wider geosciences, are also discussed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the application of virtual reality (VR) technology to the analysis of digital outcrop data in geology. It does not target older people, nor does it focus on exergames or fall prevention. The study is also not a randomized controlled trial and does not report results related to health interventions.

[Author]   Segal, A. D., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Balance Therapy With Hands-Free Mobile Robotic Feedback for At-Home Training Across the Lifespan.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON NEURAL SYSTEMS AND REHABILITATION ENGINEERING 30: 2671-2681.
[Abstract] Providing aging adults with engaging, at-home balance therapy is essential to promote long-term adherence to unsupervised training and to foster independence. We developed a portable interactive balance training system that provides real-world visual cues on balance performance using wobble board tilt angles to control the speed of a robotic car platform in a three-dimensional environment. The goal of this study was to validate this mobile balance therapy system for home use across the lifespan. Twenty younger (18-39 years) and nineteen older (58-74 years) healthy adults performed balance training with and without visual feedback while standing on a wobble board instrumented with a consumer-grade inertial measurement unit (IMU) and optical motion tracking markers. Participants performed feedback trials based on either the robotic car's movements or a commercially-available virtual game. Wobble board tilt measurements were highly correlated between IMU and optical measurement systems (R>0.84), with high agreement in outcome metrics (ICC>0.99) and small bias (mean<3%). Both measurement systems identified similar aging, feedback, and stance type effects including (1) altered movement control when older adults performed tilting trials with either robotic or virtual feedback compared to without feedback, (2) two-fold greater wobble board oscillations in older vs. younger adults during steady standing, (3) no difference in board oscillations during steady standing in narrow vs. wide double support, and (4) greater wobble board oscillations for single compared to double support. These findings demonstrate the feasibility of implementing goal-directed robotic balance training with mobile tracking of balance performance in home environments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it includes older adults and uses a form of interactive balance training, the primary focus is on validating a mobile balance therapy system that provides real-world visual cues using a robotic car platform. The study does not specifically mention fall prevention as an outcome, and it also includes younger adults. Additionally, the paper does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Segal, A. D., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Age-specific biomechanical challenges and engagement in dynamic balance training with robotic or virtual real-time visual feedback.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 152.
[Abstract] Challenging balance training that targets age-related neuromuscular and motor coordination deficits is needed for effective fall prevention therapy. Goal-directed training can provide intrinsically motivating balance activities but may not equally challenge balance for all age groups. Therefore, the purpose of this research was to quantify age-specific effects of dynamic balance training with real-time visual feedback. Kinematics, muscle activity, and user perceptions were collected for forty healthy adults (20 younger, 18-39 years; 20 older, 58-74 years), who performed a single balance training session with or without real-time visual feedback. Feedback involved controlling either a physical mobile robot or screen-based virtual ball through a course with standing tilt motions from an instrumented wobble board. Dynamic balance training was more challenging for older compared to younger adults, as measured by significantly higher dorsiflexor and knee extensor muscle activity and ankle co-contractions (50%-80%, p < 0.05). Older participants also performed more motion while training without feedback compared to younger adults (22%-65%, p< 0.05). Robotic and virtual real-time visual feedback elicited similar biomechanical adaptations in older adults, reducing motions to similar levels as younger adults and increasing ankle co-contractions (p< 0.05). Despite higher muscular demand, perceived physical exertion and high enjoyment levels (Intrinsic Motivation Inventory > 0.80) were consistent across groups. However, robotic visual feedback may be more challenging than virtual feedback based on more frequent balance corrections, lower perceived competence, and lower game scores for older compared to younger adults. These findings collectively support the feedback system's potential to provide engaging and challenging at-home balance training across the lifespan.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve older adults and uses a form of virtual real-time visual feedback, the study is a single-session balance training session and not a randomized controlled trial (RCT). Additionally, the focus is on comparing the effects of different types of feedback (robotic vs. virtual) rather than specifically evaluating the effectiveness of an exergame intervention for fall prevention.

[Author]   Seinsche, J., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Older adults' needs and requirements for a comprehensive exergame-based telerehabilitation system: A focus group study.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PUBLIC HEALTH 10.
[Abstract] IntroductionTelerehabilitation in older adults using information and communication technologies (ICTs) provides therapy, which is potentially equally effective as traditional rehabilitation, yet more accessible. This study aimed to analyze the needs and requirements of older adults (OA) and healthcare-professionals (HP) toward ICTs and telerehabilitation in general as well as toward a specific novel exergame-based telerehabilitation system (COCARE system, Dividat). Materials and methodsThe COCARE telerehabilitation system enables individual training based on exergames, as well as an assessment system and a digital centralized case management. Six focus groups with in total 34 participants were conducted. A mixed-methods approach was used comprising questionnaires and semi-structured interviews. ResultsBoth OA and HP would engage to an exergame-based telerehabilitation program. Major motivating factors are the relevance of such a training for health and the entertainment component of exergames. Main requirements are simplification of the system, variety, a personalized training, a constantly available contact person, and comprehensive instructions for use. Besides, HP praised the system's motivational effect, but remained concerned about risk of falls and social isolation. ConclusionICTs for telerehabilitation are accepted by OA and HP but should be adapted hardware- and software-wise to address OA' age-stemming vulnerabilities (e.g., risk of falls) and low ICT literacy.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the needs and requirements of older adults and healthcare professionals for an exergame-based telerehabilitation system. While it discusses the use of exergames and mentions the risk of falls, it does not report on a randomized controlled trial (RCT) with results. Instead, it focuses on qualitative data from focus groups, which does not meet the criteria specified for the intervention to be included in your query.

[Author]   Selgrade, B. P., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Can optical flow perturbations detect walking balance impairment in people with multiple sclerosis?
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 15(3).
[Abstract] People with multiple sclerosis (PwMS) who exhibit minimal to no disability are still over twice as likely to fall as the general population and many of these falls occur during walking. There is a need for more effective ways to detect preclinical walking balance deficits in PwMS. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of optical flow perturbations applied using virtual reality on walking balance in PwMS compared to age-matched controls. We hypothesized that susceptibility to perturbations-especially those in the mediolateral direction-would be larger in PwMS compared to controls. Fourteen PwMS and fourteen age-matched controls walked on a treadmill while viewing a virtual hallway with and without optical flow perturbations in the mediolateral or anterior-posterior directions. We quantified foot placement kinematics, gait variability, lateral margin of stability and, in a separate session, performance on the standing sensory organization test (SOT). We found only modest differences between groups during normal, unperturbed walking. These differences were larger and more pervasive in the presence of mediolateral perturbations, evidenced by higher variability in step width, sacrum position, and margin of stability at heel-strike in PwMS than controls. PwMS also performed worse than controls on the SOT, and there was a modest correlation between step width variability during perturbed gait and SOT visual score. In conclusion, mediolateral optical flow perturbations revealed differences in walking balance in PwMS that went undetected during normal, unperturbed walking. Targeting this difference may be a promising approach to more effectively detect preclinical walking balance deficits in PwMS.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using optical flow perturbations in a virtual reality environment to detect walking balance impairment in people with multiple sclerosis. While the study involves older individuals and uses a form of virtual reality, it does not focus on exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. The primary goal is to detect balance impairments rather than to provide an exergame-based intervention for fall prevention. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Sellergren, A. B., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Simplified Transfer Learning for Chest Radiography Models Using Less Data.
[Journal]  RADIOLOGY 305(2): 454-465.
[Abstract] Background: Developing deep learning models for radiology requires large data sets and substantial computational resources. Data set size limitations can be further exacerbated by distribution shifts, such as rapid changes in patient populations and standard of care during the COVID-19 pandemic. A common partial mitigation is transfer learning by pretraining a "generic network" on a large nonmedical data set and then fine-tuning on a task-specific radiology data set.Purpose: To reduce data set size requirements for chest radiography deep learning models by using an advanced machine learning approach (supervised contrastive [SupCon] learning) to generate chest radiography networks.Materials and Methods: SupCon helped generate chest radiography networks from 821 544 chest radiographs from India and the United States. The chest radiography networks were used as a starting point for further machine learning model development for 10 prediction tasks (eg, airspace opacity, fracture, tuberculosis, and COVID-19 outcomes) by using five data sets comprising 684 955 chest radiographs from India, the United States, and China. Three model development setups were tested (linear classifier, nonlinear classifier, and fine-tuning the full network) with different data set sizes from eight to 85.Results: Across a majority of tasks, compared with transfer learning from a nonmedical data set, SupCon reduced label requirements up to 688-fold and improved the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) at matching data set sizes. At the extreme low-data regimen, training small nonlinear models by using only 45 chest radiographs yielded an AUC of 0.95 (noninferior to radiologist performance) in classifying microbiology-confirmed tuberculosis in external validation. At a more moderate data regimen, training small nonlinear models by using only 528 chest radiographs yielded an AUC of 0.75 in predicting severe COVID-19 outcomes.Conclusion: Supervised contrastive learning enabled performance comparable to state-of-the-art deep learning models in multiple clinical tasks by using as few as 45 images and is a promising method for predictive modeling with use of small data sets and for predicting outcomes in shifting patient populations. (c) RSNA, 2022
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using supervised contrastive learning to develop deep learning models for chest radiography, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are not older people, the intervention is not an exergame, and the study does not focus on fall prevention.

[Author]   Semiatin, S. L., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    The Constant-Stress, Constant-Heating-Rate Test: A Novel Method for Characterizing Transient Mechanical Behavior of Metallic Materials.
[Journal]  METALLURGICAL AND MATERIALS TRANSACTIONS A-PHYSICAL METALLURGY AND MATERIALS SCIENCE 53(2): 394-406.
[Abstract] A novel mechanical test for characterizing the transient, on-heating mechanical behavior of metallic structural materials was developed. It comprises the continuous heating of a specimen at a constant rate while loaded under a constant true stress. Key features of the approach consist of quantifying the thermal expansion ("thermal compliance") and mechanical compliance of the load train, modeling the plastic flow and onset of localized necking of the test specimen, and the simulation of concurrent phase changes for multi-phase alloys. From such experiments and analyses, the instantaneous, true plastic strain and strain rate as a function of temperature can readily be determined and used to establish constitutive parameters (such as the apparent activation energy, Q(app), for plastic flow) and temperatures at which rapid deformation may occur. The test technique was validated for three alloys, Ti-7Al, Ti-6Al-2Sn-4Zr-2Mo-0.1Si (Ti6242S), and superalloy 718. For the single-phase-alpha titanium alloy, Ti-7Al, semi-log plots of strain rate vs inverse temperature (ln (epsilon)over dot vs 1/T) were linear, and yielded a value of Q(app) comparable to that for self diffusion of hcp titanium. The corresponding plots for Ti6242S with either a fully equiaxed or duplex (equiaxed/colony alpha) microstructure were also linear, but exhibited higher values of Q(app), a finding rationalized using simulations of the kinetics of dissolution of equiaxed a as a function of temperature and the so-called "mechanical contribution" to the activation energy of two-phase alloy systems. Last, ln (epsilon)over dot vs 1/T plots of 718 were either linear (in the solution-treated condition) or approximately bilinear (in the solution-treated-and-aged condition). These observations were interpreted with the aid of simulations of precipitation and dissolution of gamma '' and gamma' during continuous heating and the retarding effect on straining of a threshold (back) stress associated with the precipitates. (C) The Minerals, Metals & Materials Society and ASM International 2021
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a novel mechanical test for characterizing the transient, on-heating mechanical behavior of metallic structural materials. It does not involve exergames or any intervention targeting older people to prevent falls. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Senden, R., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Dataset of 3D gait analysis in typically developing children walking at three different speeds on an instrumented treadmill in virtual reality.
[Journal]  DATA IN BRIEF 48.
[Abstract] In this article, gait data of typically developing (TD) children (24 boys/31 girls, mean (95% confidence interval) age 9.38 (8.51 - 10.25) years, body mass 35.67 (31.40 - 39.94) kg, leg length 0.73 (0.70 - 0.76) m, and height 1.41 (1.35 - 1.46) m) walking at different walking speeds is shared publicly. Raw and processed data is presented for each child sepa-rately and includes data of each single step of both legs. Beside, the subject demographics and the results from the physical examination are presented allowing to select TD children from the database to create a matched group, based on specific parameters (e.g. sex and body weight). For clinical application, gait data is also presented per age group, which provides quick insight into the normal gait pat-tern of TD children of varying age.Gait analysis was performed during treadmill walking in a virtual environment using the Computer Assisted Rehabili-tation Environment (CAREN). The human body lower limb model with trunk markers (HBM2) was used as biomechan-ical model. Children walked at comfortable walking speed, 30% slower and 30% faster (random sequence) while wearing gymnastic shoes and a safety harness to prevent falling. For each speed condition, 250 steps were recorded. Data quality check, step detection and the calculation of gait parameters was done by custom made Matlab algorithms.Raw data files are provided per walking speed, for each child separately. The raw data is exported from the CAREN soft-ware (D-flow) and is provided in .mox and .txt files. It in-cludes the output from the models such as subject data, marker and force data, kinematic data (joint angles), kinetic data (joint moments, GRFs, joint powers), as well as CoM data and EMG data (the last two are not described in this manuscript), for each speed condition and each child. Un-filtered and filtered data are included. C3D files with raw marker and GRF data were recorded in Nexus (Vicon soft-ware) and are available upon request.After analyzing the raw data into Matlab (R2016a, Math -works) using custom made Matlab algorithms, processed data is obtained. The processed data is provided in .xls files and is also presented for each child separately.It con-tains spatiotemporal parameters, 3D joint angles, anterior -posterior and vertical ground reaction forces (GRF), 3D joint moments and sagittal joint power of each step of the left and right leg. In addition to each individual's data, overview files (.xls) are created per walking speed condition. These overviews present the averaged gait parameter (e.g. joint angle), calcu-lated over all valid steps, of each child.(c) 2023 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ )
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the 3D gait analysis of typically developing children walking at different speeds on a treadmill in a virtual reality environment. The intervention targets are children, not older people, and the study does not focus on preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, this paper is a dataset description and does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Sentilhes, L., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Shoulder dystocia: guidelines for clinical practice from the French College of Gynecologists and Obstetricians (CNGOF).
[Journal]  EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF OBSTETRICS & GYNECOLOGY AND REPRODUCTIVE BIOLOGY 203: 156-161.
[Abstract] Shoulder dystocia (SD) is defined as a vaginal delivery in cephalic presentation that requires additional obstetric maneuvers to deliver the fetus after the head has delivered and gentle traction has failed. It complicates 0.5-1% of vaginal deliveries. Risks of brachial plexus birth injury (level of evidence [LE]3), clavicle and humeral fracture (LE3), perinatal asphyxia (LE2), hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (LE3) and perinatal mortality (LE2) increase with SD. Its main risk factors are previous SD and macrosomia, but both are poorly predictive; 50-70% of SD cases occur in their absence, and most deliveries when they are present do not result in SD.No study has proven that the correction of these risk factors (except gestational diabetes) would reduce the risk of SD. Physical activity is recommended before and during pregnancy to reduce the occurrence of some risk factors for SD (Grade C). In obese women, physical activity should be coupled with dietary measures to reduce fetal macrosomia and weight gain during pregnancy (Grade A). Women with gestational diabetes require diabetes care (diabetic diet, glucose monitoring, insulin if needed) (Grade A) because it reduces the risk of macrosomia and SD (LE1). Only two measures are proposed for avoiding SD and its complications. First, induction of labor is recommended in cases of impending macrosomia if the cervix is favorable at a gestational age of 39 weeks or more (professional consensus). Second, cesarean delivery is recommended before labor in three situations and during labor in one: (i) estimated fetal weight (EFW) >4500 g if associated with maternal diabetes (Grade C), (ii) EFW >5000 g in women without diabetes (Grade C), (iii) history of SD associated with severe neonatal or maternal complications (professional consensus), and finally during labor, (iv) in case of fetal macrosomia and failure to progress in the second stage, when the fetal head station is above +2 (Grade C).In cases of SD, it is recommended to avoid the following actions: excessive traction on the fetal head (Grade C), fundal pressure (Grade C), and inverse rotation of the fetal head (professional consensus). The McRoberts maneuver, with or without suprapubic pressure, is recommended first (Grade C). If it fails and the posterior shoulder is engaged, Wood's maneuver should be performed preferentially; if the posterior shoulder is not engaged, it is preferable to attempt to deliver the posterior arm next (professional consensus). It appears necessary to know at least two maneuvers to perform should the McRoberts maneuver fail (professional consensus). A pediatrician should be immediately informed of SD. The initial clinical examination should check for complications, such as brachial plexus injury or clavicle fracture (professional consensus). If no complications are observed, neonatal monitoring need not be modified (professional consensus). The implementation of practical training with simulation for all care providers in the delivery room is associated with a significant reduction in neonatal (LE3) but not maternal (LE3) injury. SD remains an unpredictable obstetric emergency. All physicians and -midwives should know and perform obstetric maneuvers if needed, quickly but calmly. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about guidelines for clinical practice regarding shoulder dystocia during childbirth, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are pregnant women and newborns, and the focus is on obstetric practices, not exergames or fall prevention in older adults.

[Author]   Seppala, L. J. and N. van der Velde (2022). 
[Title]    How to tackle the global challenge of falls?
[Journal]  AGE AND AGEING 51(11).
[Abstract] Worldwide, falls and accompanying injuries are increasingly common, making their prevention and management a critical global challenge. The wealth of evidence to support interventions to prevent falls has recently (2022) been distilled in the first World Falls Guideline for Prevention and Management for Older Adults. The core of falls prevention includes (i) risk assessment and stratification; (ii) general recommendations on optimising physical function and mobility for all and (iii) offering a holistic, multidomain intervention to older adults at high risk of falls, in which the older adult's priorities, beliefs and resources are carefully considered. In recent decades, sustainable and adequately resourced falls prevention has proved challenging, although evidence suggests that suboptimal implementation of falls prevention is ineffective. Future research should focus on understanding the most successful approaches for implementation. To further optimise falls prevention, recent developments include technological innovation to identify and prevent falls, including exergaming. Further work is warranted to understand how to best incorporate the concepts of frailty and sarcopenia in falls prevention and management. includes key articles in the field of falls prevention, covering several topics including risk factors, effective interventions, older adult's views, implementation issues and future perspectives.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract discusses the global challenge of falls and prevention strategies, including a mention of exergaming as one of the recent technological innovations. However, it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, nor does it report the results of a randomized controlled trial. The paper appears to be more of an overview or review of the field, rather than a study that meets the specified criteria.

[Author]   Serchi, V., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Use of a Remote Eye-Tracker for the Analysis of Gaze during Treadmill Walking and Visual Stimuli Exposition.
[Journal]  BIOMED RESEARCH INTERNATIONAL 2016.
[Abstract] The knowledge of the visual strategies adopted while walking in cognitively engaging environments is extremely valuable. Analyzing gaze when a treadmill and a virtual reality environment are used as motor rehabilitation tools is therefore critical. Being completely unobtrusive, remote eye-trackers are the most appropriate way to measure the point of gaze. Still, the point of gaze measurements are affected by experimental conditions such as head range of motion and visual stimuli. This study assesses the usability limits and measurement reliability of a remote eye-tracker during treadmill walking while visual stimuli are projected. During treadmill walking, the head remained within the remote eye-tracker workspace. Generally, the quality of the point of gaze measurements declined as the distance from the remote eye-tracker increased and data loss occurred for large gaze angles. The stimulus location (a dot-target) did not influence the point of gaze accuracy, precision, and trackability during both standing and walking. Similar results were obtained when the dot-target was replaced by a static or moving 2D target and "region of interest" analysis was applied. These findings foster the feasibility of the use of a remote eye-tracker for the analysis of gaze during treadmill walking in virtual reality environments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of a remote eye-tracker to analyze gaze during treadmill walking and visual stimuli exposition, particularly in virtual reality environments. While it mentions the use of a treadmill and a virtual reality environment, which could be components of an exergame, the primary focus is on the technical aspects and reliability of the eye-tracking system. The study does not specifically target older people, nor does it discuss the use of exergames for fall prevention. Additionally, the paper does not report on a randomized controlled trial focused on the intervention's effectiveness. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Serchi, V., et al. (2014).
[Title]    Tracking gaze while walking on a treadmill: spatial accuracy and limits of use of a stationary remote eye-tracker
[Journal]  2014 36TH ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE OF THE IEEE ENGINEERING IN MEDICINE AND BIOLOGY SOCIETY (EMBC): 3727-3730.
[Abstract] Inaccurate visual sampling and foot placement may lead to unsafe walking. Virtual environments, challenging obstacle negotiation, may be used to investigate the relationship between the point of gaze and stepping accuracy. A measurement of the point of gaze during walking can be obtained using a remote eye-tracker. The assessment of its performance and limits of applicability is essential to define the areas of interest in a virtual environment and to collect information for the analysis of the visual strategy. The current study aims at characterizing a gaze eye-tracker in static and dynamic conditions. Three different conditions were analyzed: a) looking at a single stimulus during selected head movements, b) looking at multiple stimuli distributed on the screen from different distances, c) looking at multiple stimuli distributed on the screen while walking. The eye-tracker was able to measure the point of gaze during the head motion along medio-lateral and vertical directions consistently with the device specifications, while the tracking during the head motion along the anterior-posterior direction resulted to be lower than the device specifications. During head rotation around the vertical direction, the error of the point of gaze was lower than 23 mm. The best accuracy (10 mm) was achieved, consistently to the device specifications, in the static condition performed at 650 mm from the eye-tracker, while point of gaze data were lost while getting closer to the eye-tracker. In general, the accuracy and precision of the point of gaze did not show to be related to the stimulus position. During fast walking (1.1 m/s), the eye-tracker did not lose any data, since the head range of motion was always within the ranges of trackability. The values of accuracy and precision during walking were similar to those resulting from static conditions. These values will be considered in the definition of the size and shape of the areas of interest in the virtual environment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on characterizing the performance and limits of a remote eye-tracker in both static and dynamic conditions, including while walking on a treadmill. It does not specifically target older people, nor does it involve an exergame intervention. The study aims to assess the accuracy and precision of the eye-tracker, which could be used in future studies involving virtual environments, but it does not report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sergenti, C., et al. (2024).
[Title]    Design and Testing of an Active Balancing Board for Exergames
[Journal]  5TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INDUSTRY 4.0 AND SMART MANUFACTURING, ISM 2023. 232: 1339-1346.
[Abstract] In recent years, there has been a growing recognition of the importance of balance and coordination in maintaining overall health, particularly among the elderly population. As societies around the world experience demographic shifts with an increasing number of elderly individuals, age-related declines in balance and coordination can lead to an elevated risk of falls and fall-related injuries, making it a significant public health concern. The need for effective balance rehabilitation and fall prevention strategies has become paramount. This paper presents a motion platform designed for balance rehabilitation exercises using exergames. The system consists of a 3 degrees of freedom (3DOF) platform actuated by four servomotors controlled by Omron-DeltaTau real-time motion controller. As a novelty with respect to other State of Art (SoA) actuated platforms, in the present work the movements of the user's body, which determine the platform motion, are tracked by exploiting a markerless motion capture system with an RGB camera and pose-estimation algorithm MediaPipe. The human displacement is used to generate the input for the roll rotation of the platform according to a one d.o.f. transfer function, whose parameters can be set to get different levels of difficulties in the exercise. The device offers therefore the flexibility to set different parameters to modify the level of the users' training. The proposed device has the potential for a larger variety of rehabilitation activities and exergames. This paper describes the elements adopted for the implementation of this human-in-the-loop system, presents some preliminary tests to explore the influence of transfer function parameters on human and platform movements, and concludes with future development possibilities. (C) 2024 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0)
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the design and testing of an active balancing board for exergames, which is intended to be used for balance rehabilitation exercises. While the abstract mentions that the system is designed with the elderly population in mind, it does not specifically state that the intervention targets older people. Additionally, the paper does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it focuses on the technical aspects of the device and preliminary tests. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sessoms, P. H., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Method for evoking a trip-like response using a treadmill-based perturbation during locomotion.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 47(1): 277-280.
[Abstract] Because trip-related falls account for a significant proportion of falls by patients with amputations and older adults, the ability to repeatedly and reliably simulate a trip or evoke a trip-like response in a laboratory setting has potential utility as a tool to assess trip-related fall risk and as a training tool to reduce fall risk. This paper describes a treadmill-based method for delivering postural perturbations during locomotion to evoke a trip-like response and serve as a surrogate for an overground trip. Subjects walked at a normalized velocity in a Computer Assisted Rehabilitation Environment (CAREN). During single-limb stance, the treadmill belt speed was rapidly changed, thereby requiring the subject to perform a compensatory stepping response to avoid falling. Peak trunk flexion angle and peak trunk flexion velocity during the initial compensatory step following the perturbation were smaller for responses associated with recoveries compared to those associated with falls. These key fall prediction variables were consistent with the outcomes observed for laboratory-induced trips of older adults. This perturbation technique also demonstrated that this method of repeated but randomly delivered perturbations can evoke consistent, within-subject responses. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a method for simulating trip-like responses using a treadmill-based perturbation system, which is intended to assess and potentially reduce fall risk. However, it does not specifically mention the use of exergames (such as virtual reality, video games, or electronic games) as the intervention. Instead, it focuses on a mechanical and controlled perturbation method. Additionally, the abstract does not indicate that the study was a randomized controlled trial, nor does it report results from such a trial. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sha, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Modified Meta Heuristic BAT with ML Classifiers for Detection of Autism Spectrum Disorder.
[Journal]  BIOMOLECULES 14(1).
[Abstract] ASD (autism spectrum disorder) is a complex developmental and neurological disorder that impacts the social life of the affected person by disturbing their capability for interaction and communication. As it is a behavioural disorder, early treatment will improve the quality of life of ASD patients. Traditional screening is carried out with behavioural assessment through trained physicians, which is expensive and time-consuming. To resolve the issue, several conventional methods strive to achieve an effective ASD identification system, but are limited by handling large data sets, accuracy, and speed. Therefore, the proposed identification system employed the MBA (modified bat) algorithm based on ANN (artificial neural networks), modified ANN (modified artificial neural networks), DT (decision tree), and KNN (k-nearest neighbours) for the classification of ASD in children and adolescents. A BA (bat algorithm) is utilised for the automatic zooming capability, which improves the system's efficacy by excellently finding the solutions in the identification system. Conversely, BA is effective in the identification, it still has certain drawbacks like speed, accuracy, and falls into local extremum. Therefore, the proposed identification system modifies the BA optimisation with random perturbation of trends and optimal orientation. The dataset utilised in the respective model is the Q-chat-10 dataset. This dataset contains data of four stages of age groups such as toddlers, children, adolescents, and adults. To analyse the quality of the dataset, dataset evaluation mechanism, such as the Chi-Squared Statistic and p-value, are used in the respective research. The evaluation signifies the relation of the dataset with respect to the proposed model. Further, the performance of the proposed detection system is examined with certain performance metrics to calculate its efficiency. The outcome revealed that the modified ANN classifier model attained an accuracy of 1.00, ensuring improved performance when compared with other state-of-the-art methods. Thus, the proposed model was intended to assist physicians and researchers in enhancing the diagnosis of ASD to improve the standard of life of ASD patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a modified meta-heuristic bat algorithm with machine learning classifiers for the detection of Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) in children and adolescents. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not related to preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Shah, A. K., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Reshaping Movement Distributions With Limit-Push Robotic Training.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON NEURAL SYSTEMS AND REHABILITATION ENGINEERING 26(11): 2134-2144.
[Abstract] High-cost situations need to be avoided. However, occasionally, cost may only be learned by experience. Here, we tested whether an artificially induced unstable and invisible high-cost region, a "limit-push" force field, might reshape people's motion distributions. Healthy and neurologically impaired (chronic stroke) populations attempted 600 interceptions of a projectile while holding a robot handle that could render forces to the hand. The "limit-push," in the middle of the study, pushed the hand outward unless the hand stayed within a box-shaped region. Both healthy and some stroke survivors adapted through selection of safer actions, avoiding the high-cost regions (outside the box); they stayed more inside and even kept a greater distance from the box's boundaries. This was supported by other measures that showed subjects distributed their hand movements within the box more uniformly. These effects lasted a very short time after returning to the no-force condition. Although most robotic teaching approaches focus on shifting the mean, this limit-push treatment demonstrates how both mean and variance might be reshaped in motor training and neurorehabilitation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention involves a robotic training system that applies forces to the hand, and the participants include both healthy individuals and those with chronic stroke, but it does not specifically target older people. Additionally, the focus is on reshaping movement distributions rather than using an exergame, and there is no mention of fall prevention.

[Author]   Shake, M. C., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Efficacy of <i>Bingocize</i><SUP>®</SUP>: A Game-Centered Mobile Application to Improve Physical and Cognitive Performance in Older Adults.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 7(4): 253-261.
[Abstract] Objective: A significant barrier to improving the health and well-being of older adults is that they often do not adhere to health-promoting programs. The present study examined whether Bingocize((R)), a game-centered mobile app that can combine bingo with healthy activities such as exercise and/or health topic education, could (1) engender high rates of adherence among sedentary community-dwelling older adults, and (2) potentially improve aspects of physical and cognitive performance. Materials and Methods: Participants used the app for approximate to 1 hour, twice per week, for 10 weeks. Each using a tablet, they played the game in small social groups and were randomly assigned to either an Experimental (Bingo + Health Education + Exercise) or Control (Bingo + Health Education) group. Pre- and Postintervention assessments of (1) functional performance, (2) fluid cognition, and (3) knowledge of two health topics (osteoarthritis and fall risks) were administered. Results: Adherence was high in both groups (>93% attendance), suggesting the app was popular and engaging. Two (Experimental/Control)xTwo (Pre/Post) interactions were found for two domains of functional performance (Arm Curls, a measure of upper body strength; and Chair Stands, a measure of lower body strength) and one domain of cognition (updating, a component of executive functioning), such that the Experimental group improved more relative to the Control group. Both groups improved their knowledge of the health topics covered (all P<0.05). Conclusion: Our findings suggest that the fun and interactive nature of Bingocize((R)) engenders high levels of adherence to a health-promoting program in a difficult to serve population, serving as a conduit to potentially improve multiple aspects of quality of life for older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. While the paper does target older adults and uses a game-centered mobile application (Bingocize) to improve physical and cognitive performance, it does not specifically focus on exergames designed to prevent falls. The intervention includes a combination of bingo, health education, and exercise, but it is not explicitly an exergame. Additionally, the primary outcome measures are related to functional performance, cognition, and health knowledge, rather than fall prevention. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Shalom, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Unique Specific Jumping Test for Measuring Explosive Power in Young Basketball Players: Differences by Gender, Age, and Playing Positions.
[Journal]  SPORTS 12(5).
[Abstract] When playing basketball, players are required to have high explosive power, which requires the ability to move in efficient, specific, and game-specific movement patterns that combine both horizontal and vertical abilities. Differences have been seen between young male and female basketball players in this measure. The aim of this study was to examine differences in players' unique movements by gender, age, and playing positions using a novel test for basketball players. This study included 232 young basketball players, male and female, from a range of Israeli leagues, who were divided into three categories: under-14, under-16, and under-18. Our findings showed that males presented better results than females in all age categories. Moreover, females in the under-18 category presented better results than those in the under-14 category, but not more than those in the under-16 category. Differences in playing positions were only examined between males and females in the under-18 category, where players begin to specialize in playing positions, and here, guards showed better results than forwards and centers. Our conclusions highlight the importance of including unique, sport-specific tests in talent identification and selection processes, as these tests can provide valuable information about a player's skill set and potential for success. The findings are presented in an achievement table of the expected physical fitness results by age and gender for the benefit of basketball coaches and strength and conditioning coaches when assessing their players.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about measuring explosive power in young basketball players using a unique jumping test, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on differences by gender, age, and playing positions in young athletes, and there is no mention of exergames or fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Shamsoddini, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    The Effects of Exergaming on Fear of Falling and the Balance Function in Anxious and Non-Anxious Older Adults: A Pilot Study.
[Journal]  CLINICAL GERONTOLOGIST.
[Abstract] BackgroundAnxiety can exacerbate fear of falling and balance issues, potentially affecting intervention efficacy. This study examines exergaming's impact on fear of falling and balance in anxious and non-anxious older adults.Materials and MethodsTwenty older adults (10 anxious, 10 non-anxious) participated in six weeks of balance-oriented gaming. Fear of falling was assessed using the Falls Efficacy Scale and the Activities-specific Balance Confidence Scale. Balance was measured with the Berg Balance Scale and the Timed Up and Go Test before, after, and six weeks post-intervention.ResultsBoth groups showed significant improvements in balance and mobility, sustained during follow-up. However, only the non-anxious group exhibited significant reductions in fear of falling and increased balance confidence. Anxiety was linked to reduced enjoyment, lower efficacy perception, and heightened tension during the intervention.ConclusionExergaming improves balance and reduces fear of falling in non-anxious older adults. Anxiety may diminish these benefits.Clinical implicationsAssessing anxiety levels is crucial when prescribing exergaming interventions. Tailoring treatments to address anxiety could enhance outcomes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for judgment because it is a pilot study and not a randomized controlled trial. While the intervention targets older people and uses exergaming, the results are from a pilot study rather than a full-scale randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Shan, G., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Pilot Study on the Biomechanical Quantification of Effective Offensive Range and Ball Speed Enhancement of the Diving Header in Soccer: Insights for Skill Advancement and Application Strategy.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 14(2).
[Abstract] This pioneering study presents an in-depth biomechanical examinations of soccer's diving header, aiming to quantify its impact on ball speed enhancement (BSE) and effective offensive range (EOR). Despite the diving header's widespread acclaim and historical significance, there remains a dearth of scientific scrutiny into its biomechanical intricacies. Employing an innovative research design featuring a static hanging ball at varied offensive distances and heights, this study replicates diverse header scenarios. The results of 3D motion quantification have shown that a physically excellent player (identified through the maximal standing long jump test) could reach an EOR around 2.64 times his body height. Furthermore, this study unveils that proficient players could attain BSE surpassing 9 m/s, signifying the diving header's heightened efficacy compared to traditional heading techniques, which could only result in 4.5 m/s. Correlation analyses unveil noteworthy relationships, highlighting the pivotal role of head speed at impact and the influence of minimizing speed drop and temporal disparities for amplified effectiveness. Considerations for optimizing diving header execution are introduced, emphasizing the necessity for targeted training programs. Despite acknowledged limitations inherent to its pilot nature, this exploration furnishes foundational knowledge to guide subsequent research and practical applications, providing valuable insights into soccer training and skill development through a biomechanical lens.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the biomechanical analysis of a specific soccer technique, the diving header, and does not address the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on ball speed enhancement and effective offensive range, and it does not meet any of the criteria for being related to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Shao, H., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Association Between Duration of Playing Video Games and Bone Mineral Density in Chinese Adolescents.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF CLINICAL DENSITOMETRY 18(2): 198-202.
[Abstract] The aim of the study was to investigate the association between duration of playing video games and bone mineral density (BMD) in Chinese adolescents. Three hundred eighty-four Chinese adolescents aged 14-18 yr (148 males and 236 females) were analyzed. Anthropometric measurements were obtained using standard procedures. Total body and regional BMD were measured using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Duration of playing video games, defined as hours per day, was measured by a self-report questionnaire. We examined the association between duration of playing video games and BMD using multiple linear regression analysis. After adjustment for age, sex, pubertal stage, parental education, body mass index, adolescents with longer video game duration were more likely to have lower legs, trunk, pelvic, spine, and total BMD (p < 0.05). We concluded that duration of video game was negatively associated with BMD in Chinese adolescents. These findings provide support for reducing duration of playing video games as a possible means to increase BMD in adolescents. Future research is needed to elucidate the underlined mechanisms linking playing video games and osteoporosis.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the association between the duration of playing video games and bone mineral density (BMD) in Chinese adolescents, which does not meet the criteria for the intervention targets (older people) or the specific intervention (exergames for fall prevention). Additionally, the study is observational and does not involve a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Shapi, M., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Analysis of the Distribution of Some Potentially Harmful Elements (PHEs) in the Krugersdorp Game Reserve, Gauteng, South Africa.
[Journal]  MINERALS 10(2).
[Abstract] The Mintails Mogale Gold (MMG) and the Rand Uranium (RU) are two large-scale mining consortiums active in re-mining old tailings dams and dumps in Krugersdorp and are a source of mine discharge feed into the Krugersdorp Game Reserve (KGR). This has resulted in a noticeable accumulation of potentially harmful elements (PHEs) over a number of years. Efforts were implemented to interpret the concentration levels of PHEs in soils of the study areas of which a total of 36 georeferenced soil samples were collected (in triplicate) from the MMG, RU and KGR, including samples from farmlands and waterways adjacent to the mining sites. Samples were then analysed by both inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry (ICP-OES) and inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) for 36 elements. From the 36 elements of this study, detailed evaluations of the occurrence of 12 selected elements were discussed. The geochemical landscape at the KGR is shown to be in flux. The major mediating influences on the behaviour of As, Co, Cu, Hg and Pb, as they enter the KGR largely in the form of acid mine drainage (AMD), are the geological substrate (mostly in carbonate form). Analysis of the soils showed high levels of contamination for As and Co in ppm. The mean maximum of As ranged from (5.00-170.30) with the highest level found in the Krugersdorp site. The mean maximum of Co ranged from (46.00-102.30) with the highest level found in MMG. All of these values were well above the recommended maximum acceptable concentration (MAC) values, i.e., As (15-20) and Co (20-50). The mean maximum values for Pb (12.40-92.30); Cu (18.50-115.30) and Hg (12.40-92.30) content in surface soils of all four segments studied falls well within the MAC range for agricultural soils i.e., Cu (60-150); Hg (0.5-5) and Pb (20-300).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the analysis of potentially harmful elements in the soil of the Krugersdorp Game Reserve, South Africa, and does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Shapoval, S., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Biofeedback Applied to Interactive Serious Games to Monitor Frailty in an Elderly Population.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 11(8).
[Abstract] This article proposes an example of a multiplatform interactive serious game, which is an additional tool and assistant used in the rehabilitation of patients with musculoskeletal system problems. In medicine, any actions and procedures aimed at helping the rehabilitation of patients should entail the most comfortable, but at the same time, effective approach. Regardless of how these actions are orientated, whether for rehabilitation following surgery, fractures, any problems with the musculoskeletal system, or just support for the elderly, rehabilitation methods undoubtedly have good goals, although often the process itself can cause all kinds of discomfort and aversion among patients. This paper presents an interactive platform which enables a slightly different approach to be applied in terms of routine rehabilitation activities and this will help make the process more exciting. The main feature of the system is that it works in several ways: for normal everyday use at home, or for more in-depth observation of various biological parameters, such as heart rate, temperature, and so on. The basic component of the system is the real-time tracking system of the body position, which constitutes both a way to control the game (controller) and a means to analyze the player's activity. As for the closer control of rehabilitation, the platform also provides the opportunity for medical personnel to monitor the player in real time, with all the data obtained from the game being used for subsequent analysis and comparison. Following several laboratory tests and feedback analysis, the progress indicators are quite encouraging in terms of greater patient interest in this kind of interaction, and effectiveness of the developed platform is also on average about 30-50% compared to conventional exercises, which makes it more attractive in terms of patient support.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract describes a serious game that uses biofeedback for the rehabilitation of patients, including the elderly, with musculoskeletal system problems. However, it does not specifically mention that the intervention is aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, while the paper mentions laboratory tests and feedback analysis, it does not explicitly state that the study is a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sharareh, B., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Metacarpal Fractures in the National Football League: Injury Characteristics, Management, and Return to Play.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF HAND SURGERY-AMERICAN VOLUME 48(6).
[Abstract] Purpose This study investigated metacarpal fracture occurrences, characteristics, treatments, and return-to-play times for National Football League (NFL) athletes.Methods NFL players who sustained metacarpal fractures during the 2012 to 2018 seasons were reviewed. All players on the 32 NFL team active rosters with metacarpal fractures recorded through the NFL Injury Database were included. Player age, time in the league, player position, injury setting, injury mechanism, fractured ray, management, and return-to-play were recorded.Results There were 208 injury occurrences resulting in 1 or more metacarpal fractures, identified in 205 players. Of these, 81 (39%) injuries were operated. Return-to-play data were available for 173 (83%) injured players. The median return-to-play time for all athletes was 15 days (interquartile range, 1-55 days). Of the injured players, 130 (71%) missed time but returned the same season. Within this 130-player subset, 69 (53%) were treated nonsurgically and 61 (47%) operatively with median return-to-play times of 16 days (interquartile range, 6-30 days) and 20 days (interquartile range, 16-42 days) respectively. Eighteen individuals in this 130-player subgroup sustained a thumb metacarpal fracture. The return-to-play time was slower for patients sustaining thumb metacarpal fractures compared to other metacarpal fractures, and was significantly longer (median, 55 days) following nonsurgical treatment of thumb fractures compared with operative intervention (median, 24 days). A regression analysis revealed no trend or difference in return to football with respect to player age, time in the league, injury setting (practice vs game), injury mechanism, articular involvement, multiple concomitant injuries, or player position.Conclusions Most NFL players who sustain metacarpal fractures miss less than 3 weeks and return to play the same season. The only variables that lessen the return-to-play time are involvement of lesser digit metacarpals and operative intervention for treatment of thumb metacarpal fractures. (J Hand Surg Am. 2023;48(6):626.e1-e8. Copyright (c) 2023 by the American Society for Surgery of the Hand. All rights reserved.)
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about metacarpal fractures in National Football League (NFL) athletes, including injury characteristics, management, and return-to-play times. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sharma, L., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    High Accuracy WiFi-Based Human Activity Classification System with Time-Frequency Diagram CNN Method for Different Places.
[Journal]  SENSORS 21(11).
[Abstract] Older people are very likely to fall, which is a significant threat to the health. However, falls are preventable and are not necessarily an inevitable part of aging. Many different fall detection systems have been developed to help people avoid falling. However, traditional systems based on wearable devices or image recognition-based have many disadvantages, such as user-unfriendly, privacy issues. Recently, WiFi-based fall detection systems try to solve the above problems. However, there is a common problem of reduced accuracy. Since the system is trained at the original signal collecting/training place, however, the application is at a different place. The proposed solution only extracts the features of the changed signal, which is caused by a specific human action. To implement this, we used Channel State Information (CSI) to train Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and further classify the action. We have designed a prototype to test the performance of our proposed method. Our simulation results show an average accuracy of same place and different place is 93.2% and 90.3%, respectively.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a WiFi-based human activity classification system for detecting falls, using a time-frequency diagram CNN method. While it does mention that the target group includes older people and addresses the issue of fall prevention, the intervention described is not an exergame. The focus is on a technical solution for fall detection, rather than a game or exercise-based intervention. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sheehan, R. C., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Use of Perturbation-Based Gait Training in a Virtual Environment to Address Mediolateral Instability in an Individual With Unilateral Transfemoral Amputation.
[Journal]  PHYSICAL THERAPY 96(12): 1896-1904.
[Abstract] Background and Purpose. Roughly 50% of individuals with lower limb amputation report a fear of falling and fall at least once a year. Perturbation-based gait training and the use of virtual environments have been shown independently to be effective at improving walking stability in patient populations. An intervention was developed combining the strengths of the 2 paradigms utilizing continuous, walking surface angle oscillations within a virtual environment. This case report describes walking function and mediolateral stability outcomes of an individual with a unilateral transfemoral amputation following a novel perturbation-based gait training intervention in a virtual environment.Case Description. The patient was a 43-year-old male veteran who underwent a right transfemoral amputation 7+ years previously as a result of a traumatic blast injury. He used a microprocessor-controlled knee and an energy storage and return foot.Outcomes. Following the intervention, multiple measures indicated improved function and stability, including faster self-selected walking speed and reduced functional stepping time, mean step width, and step width variability. These changes were seen during normal level walking and mediolateral visual field or platform perturbations. In addition, benefits were retained at least 5 weeks after the final training session.Discussion. The perturbation-based gait training program in the virtual environment resulted in the patient's improved walking function and mediolateral stability. Although the patient had completed intensive rehabilitation following injury and was fully independent, the intervention still induced notable improvements to mediolateral stability. Thus, perturbation based gait training in challenging simulated environments shows promise for improving walking stability and may be beneficial when integrated into a rehabilitation program.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets a 43-year-old male with a unilateral transfemoral amputation, and while it uses a virtual environment, the focus is on gait training and mediolateral stability, not specifically on preventing falls in older people. Additionally, the study is a case report, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Sheehy, L., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    The Use of Home-Based Nonimmersive Virtual Reality to Encourage Physical and Cognitive Exercise in People With Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Feasibility Study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF AGING AND PHYSICAL ACTIVITY 30(2): 297-307.
[Abstract] Individuals with mild cognitive impairment are at risk of cognitive and physical decline. Virtual reality (VR) exercise may provide beneficial physical and cognitive exercise. The objectives of this study were to assess the feasibility and safety of home-based VR exercise and to provide pilot data for physical and cognitive efficacy. Eleven individuals with mild cognitive impairment (seven males/four females, average 78 years old, and average 3 years since diagnosis) performed a 30-min home-based VR exercise program 5 days a week for 6 weeks. The VR platform was successfully installed in participants' homes, and all participants were able to learn the VR program and progress. Participants completed 99% of the prescribed exercise. There were no major adverse events. Most participants enjoyed the VR program and reported physical benefits; fewer reported cognitive benefits. No physical or cognitive outcome measures showed change after 6 weeks. Home-based VR exercise is safe and feasible in individuals with mild cognitive impairment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of home-based nonimmersive virtual reality to encourage physical and cognitive exercise in people with mild cognitive impairment. While it does involve an exergame (virtual reality) and targets older individuals, it is a feasibility study and does not include a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the primary focus is on individuals with mild cognitive impairment rather than specifically on preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Shelat, S., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Analysing the impact of COVID-19 risk perceptions on route choice behaviour in train networks.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 17(3).
[Abstract] Introduction Unlike previous pandemics, COVID-19 has sustained over a relatively longer period with cyclical infection waves and numerous variants. Public transport ridership has been hit particularly hard. To restore travellers' confidence it is critical to assess their risk determinants and trade-offs.Methods To this end, we survey train travellers in the Netherlands in order to: (i) quantify the impact of trip-specific, policy-based, and pandemic-related attributes on travellers' COVID-19 risk perceptions; and (ii) evaluate the trade-off between this risk perception and other travel attributes. Adopting the hierarchical information integration approach, in a two-stage stated preference experiment, respondents are asked to first rate how risky they perceive different travel situations to be, and then to choose between different travel options that include their own perceived risk rating as an attribute. Perceived risk ratings and choices between travel options are modelled using a linear regression and a mixed multinomial logit model, respectively.Results We find that on-board crowding and infection rates are the most important factors for risk perception. Amongst personal characteristics, the vulnerability of family and friends has the largest impact-nearly twice that of personal health risk. The bridging choice experiment reveals that while values of time have remained similar to pre-pandemic estimates, travellers are significantly more likely to choose routes with less COVID-19 risk (e.g., due to lower crowding). Respondents making longer trips by train value risk four times as much as their shorter trip counterparts. By combining the two models, we also report willingness to pay for mitigating factors: reduced crowding, mask mandates, and increased sanitization.Conclusion Since we evaluate the impact of a large number of variables on route choice behaviour, we can use the estimated models to predict behaviour under detailed pandemic scenarios. Moreover, in addition to highlighting the importance of COVID-19 risk perceptions in public transport route choices, the results from this study provide valuable information regarding the mitigating impacts of various policies on perceived risk.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on analyzing the impact of COVID-19 risk perceptions on route choice behavior in train networks, which does not meet any of the specified criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Shelton, A. D., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Slowing down to preserve balance in the presence of optical flow perturbations.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 96: 365-370.
[Abstract] Background: The use of sensory and mechanical perturbations applied during walking has grown in popularity due to their ability to elicit instability relevant to falls. However, the vast majority of perturbation studies on walking balance are performed on a treadmill at a fixed speed.Research question: The aim of this study was to quantify the effects of mediolateral optical flow perturbations on walking speed and balance outcomes in young adults walking with fixed-speed and self-paced treadmill controllers.'' Methods: Fifteen healthy young adults (8 female, age: 23.1 +/- 4.6 yrs) completed four five-minute randomized walking trials in a speed-matched virtual reality hallway. In two of the trials, we added continuous mediolateral optical flow perturbations to the virtual hallway. Trials with and without optical flow perturbations were per-formed with either a fixed-speed or self-paced treadmill controller. We measured walking speed, balance out-comes (step width, margin of stability, local dynamic instability) and gait variability (step width variability and margin of stability variability). '' ''Results: We found significant increases in step width (+20%, p = 0.004) and local dynamic instability (+11%, p = 0.008) of participants while responding to optical flow perturbations at a fixed treadmill speed. We found no significant differences in these outcome measures when perturbations were applied on a self-paced treadmill. Instead, participants walked 5.7% slower between the self-paced treadmill controller conditions when responding to optical flow perturbations (1.48 +/- 0.13 m/s vs. 1.57 +/- 0.16 m/s, p = 0.005). ' Significance: Our findings suggest that during walking, when presented with a balance challenge, an individual will instinctively reduce their walking speed in order to better preserve stability. However, comparisons to prior literature suggest that this response may depend on environmental and/or perturbation context. Cumulatively, our results point to opportunities for leveraging self-paced treadmill controllers as a more ecologically-relevant option in balance research with potential clinical applications in diagnostics and rehabilitation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on young adults, and it is primarily an experimental study on the effects of optical flow perturbations on walking speed and balance outcomes. It does not specifically target older people, and it is not an exergame intervention aimed at fall prevention. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Shema, S. R., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Clinical Experience Using a 5-Week Treadmill Training Program With Virtual Reality to Enhance Gait in an Ambulatory Physical Therapy Service.
[Journal]  PHYSICAL THERAPY 94(9): 1319-1326.
[Abstract] Background. Current literature views safe gait as a complex task, relying on motor and cognitive resources. The use of virtual reality (VR) in gait training offers a multifactorial approach, showing positive effects on mobility, balance, and fall risk in elderly people and individuals with neurological disorders. This form of training has been described as a viable research tool; however, it has not been applied routinely in clinical practice. Recently, VR was used to develop an adjunct training method for use by physical therapists in an ambulatory clinical setting.Objective. The aim of this article is to describe the initial clinical experience of applying a 5-week VR clinical service to improve gait and mobility in people with a history of falls, poor mobility, or postural instability.Design. A retrospective data analysis was conducted.Methods. The clinical records of the first 60 patients who completed the VR gait training program were examined. Training was provided 3 times per week for 5 weeks, with each session lasting approximately 1 hour and consisting of walking on a treadmill while negotiating virtual obstacles. Main outcome measures were compared across time and included the Timed "Up & Go" Test (TUG), the Two-Minute Walk Test (2MWT), and the Four Square Step Test (FSST).Results. After 5 weeks of training, time to complete the TUG decreased by 10.3%, the distance walked during the 2MWT increased by 9.5%, and performance on the FSST improved by 13%.Limitations. Limitations of the study include the use of a retrospective analysis with no control group and the lack of objective cognitive assessment.Conclusions. Treadmill training with VR appears to be an effective and practical tool that can be applied in an outpatient physical therapy clinic. This training apparently leads to improvements in gait, mobility, and postural control. It, perhaps, also may augment cognitive and functional aspects.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the use of a treadmill training program with virtual reality to enhance gait and mobility in people with a history of falls, poor mobility, or postural instability. However, it does not meet all the specified criteria for judgment:. 1. Intervention Targets: The intervention targets older people and individuals with neurological disorders, which includes older adults.
2. Intervention Type: The intervention is a treadmill training program with virtual reality, which can be considered an exergame.
3. Study Design: The study is a retrospective data analysis without a control group. It is not a randomized controlled trial.
4. Type of Paper: The paper is not a meta-analysis, review, or feasibility analysis, but it does not include original data from a randomized controlled trial.. Since the study does not include a randomized controlled trial, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Shen, M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    An Indoor Fall Monitoring System: Robust, Multistatic Radar Sensing and Explainable, Feature-Resonated Deep Neural Network.
[Journal]  IEEE JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATICS 27(4): 1891-1902.
[Abstract] Indoor fall monitoring is challenging for community-dwelling older adults due to the need for high accuracy and privacy concerns. Doppler radar is promising, given its low-cost and contactless sensing mechanism. However, the line-of-sight restriction limits the application of radar sensing in practice, as the Doppler signature will vary when the sensing angle changes, and signal strength will substantially degrade with large aspect angles. Additionally, the similarity of the Doppler signatures among different fall types makes classification challenging. To address these problems, we first present an experimental study to obtain Doppler signals under large and arbitrary aspect angles for diverse types of simulated activities. We then develop a novel, explainable, multi-stream, feature-resonated neural network (eMSFRNet) that achieves fall detection and a pioneering study of classifying seven fall types. eMSFRNet is robust to radar sensing angles and subjects, and is the first method that can resonate and enhance feature information from noisy/weak Doppler signatures. The multiple feature extractors - from ResNet, DenseNet, and VGGNet - extract diverse feature information with various spatial abstractions from a pair of Doppler signals. The resonated-fusion translates the multi-stream features to a single salient feature that is critical to fall detection and classification. eMSFRNet achieved 99.3% accuracy detecting falls and 76.8% accuracy classifying seven fall types. Our work is the firstmultistatic robust sensing system that overcomes the challenges associated with Doppler signatures under large and arbitrary aspect angles. Our work also demonstrates the potential to accommodate radar monitoring tasks that demand precise and robust sensing.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about an indoor fall monitoring system using Doppler radar and a deep neural network for detecting and classifying falls. It does not involve the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus is on the development and evaluation of a monitoring system, rather than an exergame-based intervention.

[Author]   Shi, B., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Digital measurement on transiliac anterograde lag screw for fixation of acetabular posterior column fractures.
[Journal]  Orthopedic Journal of China 28(14): 1302-1306.
[Abstract] [Objective] To explore the best position of transiliac anterograde lag screw for fixation of acetabular posterior column fractures by measurement on virtual reality models in order to provide basis of a novel internal fixation technique in clinical setting. [Methods] A total of 40 adult patients, including 20 males and 20 females aged from 18 to 60 years old with an average age of 42.5 years, were enrolled into this study, and underwent spiral CT scan of the pelvis. The original data in Dicom format was processed by Mimics 17.0 software to construct the 3D digital models. After that, placements of transiliac anterograde lag screw for fixation of acetabular posterior column fractures were mimicked on the 3D models to the best position by using Geomagic Studio, and measured by using Solidworks software. [Results] The males had significantly greater length and diameter of the lag screw than the females (P<0.05), despite of no statistically significant differences between the left and right sides in the length and diameter (P>0.05). In addition, the males had greater distances between the insertion point and the anterior superior iliac spine, and posterior superior iliac spine, as well as greater insertion angle in coronal plane than the females, whereas which were of no statistical significance (P>0.05). However, the males had significantly greater insertion angle on the sagittal plane than the females (P<0.05). There were no statistically significant differences in aforesaid items between the left and right sides (P>0.05). [Conclusion] The best position of transiliac anterograde lag screw for fixation of acetabular posterior column fractures is obtained by using the virtual reality 3D models, which might provide a novel fixation technique for posterior acetabular column fracture fixation with anterograde lag screw.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using virtual reality models to explore the best position for a transiliac anterograde lag screw for fixing acetabular posterior column fractures. It does not meet the criteria for targeting older people, using exergames as an intervention, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Shi, L., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    [Value of virtual reality technology in preoperative planning of transtrochanteric curved varus osteotomy for avascular necrosis of femoral head in adults].
[Journal]  Zhongguo xiu fu chong jian wai ke za zhi = Zhongguo xiufu chongjian waike zazhi = Chinese journal of reparative and reconstructive surgery 33(8): 923-928.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE: To research the value of virtual reality (VR) technology in the preoperative planning of transtrochanteric curved varus osteotomy for avascular necrosis of the femoral head (ANFH) in adults.METHODS: Between June 2018 and November 2018, 7 patients (11 hips) with ANFH, who were treated with transtrochanteric curved varus osteotomy, were enrolled in the study. There were 4 males (7 hips) and 3 females (4 hips) with an average age of 31.9 years (range, 14-46 years). Among them, 3 patients were unilateral ANFH and 4 patients were bilateral ANFH. There was 1 patient (1 hip) of traumatic ANFH, 2 patients (4 hips) of alcohol-induced ANFH, 2 patients (3 hips) of hormonal ANFH, and 2 patients (3 hips) of idiopathic ANFH. All hips were Association Research Circulation Osseous (ARCO) stage Ⅲ. There were 5 hips for Japanese Investigation Committee (JIC) type C1 and 6 hips for type C2. There were 5 hips for China-Japan Friendship Hospital (CJFH) type L1,1 for type L2, and 5 for type L3. The disease duration ranged from 5 to 12 months (mean, 8 months). Preoperative Harris score was 53.91±7.66. The neck-shaft angle ranged from 128 to 143° (mean, 133.9°). VR technology was adopted for the preoperative planning. CT data were imported into the software to construct the morphology of necrotic area, and the transrtrochanteric varus osteotomy was simulated. The varus angle was designed according to the integrity rate of femoral head. The planned varus angle was 6 to 16° (mean, 9.7°). The transtrochanteric curved varus osteotomy was performed according to the preoperative planning, and the varus angle and loading area were confirmed under fluoroscopy. If the planned varus angle was too small, it would continue to increase under the fluoroscopy until a satisfactory varus angle. Postoperative changes of the neck-shaft angle were calculated and compared with the preoperative planned varus angle (error). The hip function was assessed by using the Harris score.RESULTS: All incisions healed by first intention. All patients were followed up 6-11 months with an average of 8 months. The X-ray film at 2 days after operation showed that the neck-shaft angle was 112-135° (mean, 123.4°). The difference of the neck-shaft angle between pre- and post-operation was 6-16° (mean, 11.0°). Among them, the difference of the neck-shaft angle was consistent with planned varus angle in 5 hips, while the error of the remaining 6 hips was 1-4°. There was 1 patient (1 hip) of osteotomy nonunion at 4 months after operation, 1 patient (1 hip) of proximal femur fracture at 2 months after operation. The rest 5 patients (9 hips) obtained union at the osteotomy. At last follow-up, the Harris score was 82.18±16.35, showing significant difference when compared with preoperative score ( t=-5.195, P=0.000).CONCLUSION: VR technology is a brand-new preoperative planning method for transtrochanteric curved varus osteotomy in treating ANFH.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) technology for preoperative planning in a specific surgical procedure (transtrochanteric curved varus osteotomy) for treating avascular necrosis of the femoral head in adults. It does not target older people, nor is it an exergame designed to prevent falls. The focus is on the application of VR in surgical planning, and the study does not include randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Shi, Y., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Lifetime Prediction Method of the Traction Converter IGBT Based on Plastic Strain Energy Density.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON TRANSPORTATION ELECTRIFICATION 10(1): 1286-1298.
[Abstract] Insulated gate bipolar transistor (IGBT) is the most important power electronic component in the traction converters of trains. During the operation of the IGBT, the solder layer is continuously subjected to alternating stress, which eventually leads to the fatigue failure of the solder layer. Therefore, an accurate assessment of the lifetime of the IGBT module solder layer is of great importance for the safe and reliable operation of the trains. First, the micromechanism of the plastic deformation of the base solder layer of the IGBT module is introduced, as well as the lifetime model based on the plastic strain energy density. Then, the total plastic strain energy density of the base solder layer is determined by conducting the accelerated aging tests on the IGBT module and combining the finite element simulation results. Meanwhile, the relationship between different aging degrees of the base solder layer of the IGBT module and the plastic strain energy density is studied by finite element simulation. Then, the lifetime of the base solder layer at different aging stages is calculated based on the above results, so that the total lifetime of the IGBT module is obtained. Finally, the predicted lifetime of the IGBT module by the proposed method is compared with the lifetime obtained by the accelerated aging test and compared with the traditional lifetime prediction method based on the Coffin-Manson-Arrhenius model. The comparison results verify the accuracy of the proposed lifetime prediction method in this article.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the lifetime prediction method of the traction converter IGBT based on plastic strain energy density. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Shiau, C. W. C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of Game-Based Self-Management Interventions for Individuals with Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 10(6): 371-382.
[Abstract] Objective: Self-management is essential for individuals with diabetes. However, traditional self-management interventions may be hard to follow for other patients. Although games can stimulate extrinsic motivations, its application on self-management remains unclear. This review aims to evaluate the effects of game-based self-management interventions on health outcomes.Materials and Methods: We utilize PubMed, CINAHL, Cochrane Central, EMBASE, ProQuest Dissertation and Theses, PsycINFO, and Scopus from their inception until January 20, 2020. Meta-analyses are performed using Comprehensive Meta-analysis 3.0 software. The overall effect is measured using Hedges' g and determined using Z-statistics at significance level of P < 0.05. Heterogeneity is assessed using chi(2) and I-2 statistics. The risk of bias tool and the grades of recommendation, assessment, development, and evaluation system are used to assess individual and overall quality of evidence, respectively.Results: A total of 2150 records are identified, and 13 randomized controlled trials are selected. Meta-analyses revealed that game-based self-management interventions significantly improved patients' change in glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) level (g = 0.18, P = 0.02), adherence to physical activities (g = 0.59, P < 0.001), balance (g = 0.94-1.14, P < 0.001), and fall efficacy (g = 1.01, P < 0.001). Significant results were only found for the three-trial meta-analysis for HbA1c changes, but not for the two other HbA1c meta-analyses that included more trials. Furthermore, negligible improvements were observed in glycated hemoglobin at postintervention and follow-up assessments, diabetes knowledge, and self-efficacy.Conclusion: Game-based self-management can consider a supplementary intervention. Overall evidence is ranging from very low to low. Future studies can consider a large sample size with high-quality design according to the Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials statement criteria.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it is not an original randomized controlled trial. Additionally, while the study mentions balance and fall efficacy, it focuses on individuals with diabetes and self-management interventions, rather than specifically targeting older people to prevent falls using exergames.

[Author]   Shibahashi, K., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Derivation and validation of a quantitative screening model for blunt cerebrovascular injury.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROSURGERY 135(4): 1129-1138.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE The objective of this study was to derive and validate a new screening model using a nomogram that allows clinicians to quantify the risk of blunt cerebrovascular injury (BCVI).METHODS In this study, the authors examined 258,935 patients from a prospectively collected nationwide Japanese database (January 2009-December 2018) who experienced blunt injury. Patients were randomly divided into training (n = 129,468) and validation (n = 129,467) cohorts. First, the authors investigated the prevalence of BCVI, which was defined as blunt injury to any intracranial vessel, the extracranial vertebral artery, the extracranial carotid (common, internal) artery, or the internal jugular vein. Then, a new arterial BCVI screening model using a nomogram was derived, based on multivariate logistic regression analysis through quantifying the association of potential predictive factors with BCVI in the training cohort. The model's discriminatory ability was validated using the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) in the validation cohort.RESULTS Multivariate analysis in the training cohort showed that 13 factors were significantly associated with arterial BCVI and were included in our model. These factors were 1) male sex; 2) high-energy impact; 3) hypotension on hospital arrival; 4) Glasgow Coma Scale score < 9; 5) injury to the face; 6) injury to the neck; 7) injury to the spine; 8) skull base fracture; 9) cervical spine fracture or subluxation; and those with negative associations, i.e., 10) injury to the lower-extremity region; 11) supratentorial subdural hemorrhage; 12) lumbar spine fracture or subluxation; and 13) soft tissue injury of the face. In the validation cohort, the model had an AUC of 0.83 (95% CI 0.81-0.86). When the definition of BCVI was narrowed to include only carotid (common, internal) and vertebral artery injuries, the AUC of the model in predicting these injuries was 0.89 (95% CI 0.87-0.91).CONCLUSIONS A new screening model that incorporates an easy-to-use nomogram to quantify the risk of BCVI and assist clinicians in identifying patients who warrant additional evaluation was established.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the derivation and validation of a screening model for blunt cerebrovascular injury (BCVI) using a nomogram. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Shida, N., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    The Effects of Exergames on Muscle Architecture: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 11(21).
[Abstract] Muscle architectural parameters play a crucial role in the rate of force development, strength, and sports performance. On the other hand, deteriorated muscle architectural parameters are associated with injuries, sarcopenia, mortality, falls, and fragility. With the development of technology, exergames have emerged as a complementary tool for physical therapy programs. The PRISMA 2020 statement was followed during the systematic review and meta-analysis. CENTRAL, CINAHL, PROQUEST, PubMed, and OpenGrey databases were searched last time on 22 September 2021. In total, five controlled trials were included in the systematic review. Twelve weeks of virtual dance exercise (Dance Central game for Xbox 360 (R)) showed a medium effect on the improvement of hamstrings (g = 0.55, 95% CI (-0.03, 1.14), I-2 = 0%) and the quadriceps femoris muscle cross-sectional area (g = 0.58, 95% CI (0.1, 1.00), I-2 = 0%) in community-dwelling older women. Additionally, a four-week virtual balance-training program (the ProKin System) led to significant increments in the cross-sectional areas of individual paraspinal muscles (14.55-46.81%). However, previously investigated exergame programs did not show any medium or large effects on the architectural parameters of the medial gastrocnemius muscle in community-dwelling older women. Distinct exergame programs can be used as a complementary therapy for different prevention and rehabilitation programs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which means it does not include original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the paper discusses the effects of exergames on muscle architecture, it does not specifically focus on the prevention of falls in the elderly. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper does not meet the requirements.

[Author]   Shin, E., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    The new back-to-school basics: COVID-19 hygiene education for elementary students.
[Journal]  Annals of family medicine(20 Suppl 1).
[Abstract] Context: In the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic- with undulating statistics of new cases and deaths and with schools set to reopen in the fall of 2020 after a long hiatus- the objective was to address the needs and methods of preparing children for a safe return to school. Objective: To educate 1st - 5th grade elementary school children about proper health and safety precautions during the COVID-19 pandemic. Study Design and Setting: Three monthly virtual sessions via zoom were implemented with focuses on hygiene, physical activity, and healthy coping mechanisms during a pandemic. The hygiene lecture included interactive demonstrations on handwashing, coughing/sneezing precautions, and appropriate mask-wearing behavior. During the coping mechanisms session, children were asked to use art or free text to answer the question "How has COVID-19 changed my feelings?" The physical activity session discussed safe ways for children to stay active during the pandemic. Both quantitative (pre and post-knowledge assessment quizzes) and qualitative (free text, drawings) data were collected through electronic surveys. Quizzes were designed for the appropriate grade level and used a combination of multiple choice, free text, checkboxes, and pictures to address common themes. Population studied and Intervention: School-aged children (1st-5th grade) at the Raindrop Foundation of San Antonio participated in educational sessions about maintaining proper COVID-19 hygiene. Outcome Measures and Results: Final results show six 1st - 2nd graders and nine 3rd - 5th graders consistently participated in the project. The children involved could identify proper mask-wearing etiquette, safe coughing habits, and when and how to wash their hands. Emotions reported were both positive (ex. happy) and negative (ex. Sad, bored). Reported activities were indoor electronic games and work. Children reported missing friends and going to parks. Conclusions: These educational sessions were organized to teach children safe practices for their return to school, develop coping skills, and also help them adapt to physical activity while maintaining social distancing. Participant 1st - 5th graders answered most questions correctly and displayed the basics of COVID-19 safety knowledge. The children surveyed are experiencing mixed emotions during the pandemic due to feelings of social isolation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets school-aged children (1st-5th grade) and focuses on educating them about proper health and safety precautions during the COVID-19 pandemic, including hygiene, physical activity, and coping mechanisms. The study does not involve exergames or fall prevention for older people.

[Author]   Shin, J.-H., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    A task-specific interactive game-based virtual reality rehabilitation system for patients with stroke: a usability test and two clinical experiments.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 11.
[Abstract] Background: Virtual reality (VR) is not commonly used in clinical rehabilitation, and commercial VR gaming systems may have mixed effects in patients with stroke. Therefore, we developed RehabMaster (TM), a task-specific interactive game-based VR system for post-stroke rehabilitation of the upper extremities, and assessed its usability and clinical efficacy.Methods: A participatory design and usability tests were carried out for development of RehabMaster with representative user groups. Two clinical trials were then performed. The first was an observational study in which seven patients with chronic stroke received 30 minutes of RehabMaster intervention per day for two weeks. The second was a randomised controlled trial of 16 patients with acute or subacute stroke who received 10 sessions of conventional occupational therapy only (OT-only group) or conventional occupational therapy plus 20 minutes of RehabMaster intervention (RehabMaster + OT group). The Fugl-Meyer Assessment score (FMA), modified Barthel Index (MBI), adverse effects, and drop-out rate were recorded.Results: The requirements of a VR system for stroke rehabilitation were established and incorporated into RehabMaster. The reported advantages from the usability tests were improved attention, the immersive flow experience, and individualised intervention. The first clinical trial showed that the RehabMaster intervention improved the FMA (P =.03) and MBI (P =.04) across evaluation times. The second trial revealed that the addition of RehabMaster intervention tended to enhance the improvement in the FMA (P =.07) but did not affect the improvement in the MBI. One patient with chronic stroke left the trial, and no adverse effects were reported.Conclusions: The RehabMaster is a feasible and safe VR system for enhancing upper extremity function in patients with stroke.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of a task-specific interactive game-based virtual reality rehabilitation system (RehabMaster) for patients with stroke, rather than specifically targeting the prevention of falls in the elderly. The intervention is designed for upper extremity rehabilitation, and the study includes both usability tests and clinical trials, but it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Shirazi, F., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Comparing the Effects of Virtual Reality and Home Chair-Based Exercises on Balance, Daily Living Activities, and Loneliness Among Older Adults With Balance Disorders.
[Journal]  RESEARCH IN GERONTOLOGICAL NURSING 16(1): 33-42.
[Abstract] The current quasi-experimental study aimed to compare the effects of virtual reality (VR) and home chair -based (HCB) exercises on balance, daily living activities, and loneliness among older adults (N = 90) with balance disorders living in nursing homes. Participants were assigned to three groups: (a) VR exercises, (b) HCB exercises, and (c) routine nursing home programs. Findings indicated that VR and HCB exercises significantly increased participants' balance and daily living activities compared to routine programs (p < 0.001). However, there was no clinical difference among groups regarding Berg Balance Scale and Barthel Index scores. Main effect of time regarding loneliness mean score (p = 0.991) was not significant among groups. The minimal detectable change pre-set standard for loneliness also showed no signifi-cant clinical difference. Exercise had no significant impact on loneliness; however, it had a positive role in improving balance and daily living activities, with no significant difference between VR and HCB exercis-es. Further studies are recommended to evaluate adherence to such exercises. [Research in Gerontological Nursing, 16(1), 33-42.]
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does include older adults and a virtual reality (VR) intervention, the study is a quasi-experimental design, not a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the primary focus is on balance, daily living activities, and loneliness, rather than specifically on preventing falls.

[Author]   Shulman, G. P., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of the Intent to Complete and Intent to Attend Intervention to Predict and Prevent Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Treatment Drop Out Among Soldiers.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF TRAUMATIC STRESS 32(5): 784-790.
[Abstract] Active duty military service members have high dropout rates for trauma-focused treatment in both clinical practice and research settings. Measuring patients' intent to complete (ITC) and intent to attend (ITA) treatment have been suggested as methods to reduce dropout, but no studies have examined the effectiveness of such measures. In an attempt to reduce high dropout rates, measures of ITC and ITA were included in a randomized controlled trial evaluating prolonged exposure (PE) and virtual reality exposure (VRE) in active duty soldiers with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Participants (N = 108) were randomized to either PE or VRE, and the last 49 to enroll were administered a measure of ITC at enrollment and a measure of ITA at the end of every session. A score of 7 or below triggered a problem-solving discussion with the individual's therapist. The results revealed that the ITA assessment predicted treatment dropout after controlling for mental health stigma, PTSD symptoms, and age, odds ratio (OR) = 0.24, p = .023. Additionally, participants who completed the ITA assessment were less likely to drop out than those who were not administered the ITA, OR = 0.29 p = .002. The ITC did not predict treatment dropout OR = 0.98, p = .402. These findings suggest that assessing ITA throughout trauma-focused therapy may reduce treatment dropout rather than solely measuring ITC prior to starting psychotherapy. Based on these preliminary findings, future research should randomize the measurement of ITA in clinical trials to evaluate its impact on treatment dropout.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effectiveness of measuring intent to complete (ITC) and intent to attend (ITA) to predict and prevent treatment dropout among soldiers with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). The intervention involves prolonged exposure (PE) and virtual reality exposure (VRE) for PTSD, but it does not target older people or aim to prevent falls.

[Author]   Sideris, M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    
[Journal]  earning from the experts" - a novel advanced cadaveric course for Gynaecological Oncology (GO) Cytoreductive Surgery." FACTS VIEWS AND VISION IN OBGYN 14(3): 265-273.
[Abstract] Background: Ovarian cancer cytoreductive surgery necessitates the use of advanced Simulation-Based Learning (SBL) to optimise skill-based teaching and achieve technical proficiency.Objective: We describe and appraise the role of a novel postgraduate cadaveric course for cytoreductive surgery for advanced ovarian/fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer. Materials and Methods: Several consultant-level surgeons with expertise in upper gastrointestinal, colorectal, hepatobiliary and urological surgery, were invited to teach their counterpart GO surgeons. The 2-day course curriculum involved advanced dissections on thiel-embalmed cadavers. All dissections included applicable steps required during GO cytoreductive surgeries. Outcome measures: We used a feedback questionnaire and structured interviews to capture trainers and delegates views respectively.Results: All delegates reported a positive educational experience and improvement of knowledge in all course components. There was no difference in the perception of feedback across junior versus senior consultants. Trainers perceived this opportunity as a "2-way learning" whether they got to explore in depth the GO perspective in how and which of their skills are applicable during cytoreductive surgery.Conclusions: Collaborating with other surgical specialities promotes a "learning from the experts" concept and has potential to meet the rapidly increased demand for multi-viscera surgical excellence in GO surgery. What's new? The concept of involving experts from other surgical disciplines in advanced cadaveric courses for cytoreductive surgery in ovarian cancer, will solidify the effort to achieve excellence in the GO training. Such courses can be essential educational adjunct for most GO fellowships.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The paper focuses on a novel advanced cadaveric course for Gynaecological Oncology (GO) cytoreductive surgery, which involves Simulation-Based Learning (SBL) and collaboration with experts from other surgical disciplines. It does not meet any of the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Siette, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Exploring the usability of the virtual reality module LEAF CAFÉ: a qualitative think-aloud study.
[Journal]  BMC GERIATRICS 24(1).
[Abstract] BackgroundThe global healthcare system faces increasing strain from our ageing population, primarily due to the growing prevalence of age-related health conditions such as dementia. While modern healthcare technology offers potential solutions, it frequently lacks user-friendliness for older adults. Virtual Reality (VR) has emerged as a promising tool for diagnosing cognitive impairment, offering innovative solutions where traditional methods may fall short. This study explores older adults' perspectives on the usability of a newly designed VR module for cognitive assessment.MethodsDuring a 100-min session, participants were asked to engage and complete recall and recognition tasks within the VR module (think-aloud approach) and provide feedback upon completion (semi-structured interviews). Audio materials were transcribed for analysis and recordings of the users' interactions with the module were annotated to provide additional context. These combined textual data were analysed using content coding and thematic analysis to identify themes that reflect how participants used the module's features and what features are desirable to support that process better.ResultsParticipants (N = 10; Mean age = 73.3, SD = 7.53, range = 65-83 years) perceived the VR module as user-friendly and endorsed its potential as a cognitive screener due to its engaging and immersive nature. Older adults highlighted three key aspects of the module: the usefulness of the platform's ability to offer a comprehensive and reliable evaluation of an individual's cognitive abilities; the need to present concise and relevant content to optimise engagement and use; and the importance of overcoming barriers to support implementation. Suggested game improvements centred on food recognition and adjusting difficulty levels. Barriers to implementation included technology challenges for older adults and concerns about the game's suitability for everyday scenarios. Participants stressed the need for reliable implementation strategies, proposing locations such as libraries and advocating for home-based screening.ConclusionContinued improvements in accessibility suggest that VR tools could help with diagnosing cognitive impairment in older adults. Using a simulated environment to assess cognitive status might fill the gap between current diagnostic methods, aiding treatment planning and early intervention. However, these findings should be approached cautiously, as more research is needed to fully grasp the potential impact of VR tools in this context.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the usability of a virtual reality (VR) module for cognitive assessment in older adults. While it involves older people and uses a form of exergame (VR), the primary focus is on cognitive assessment, not on preventing falls. Additionally, the study is qualitative and does not include a randomized controlled trial with reported results. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Signoretti, A., et al. (2015).
[Title]    Trip 4 All: A Gamified App to Provide a New Way to Elderly People to Travel
[Journal]  PROCEEDINGS OF THE 6TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT AND TECHNOLOGIES FOR ENHANCING ACCESSIBILITY AND FIGHTING INFO-EXCLUSION. 67: 301-311.
[Abstract] Older adults have much to gain from bringing technology into their daily lives. The extent to which this is possible strongly depends on careful design and accessible, easy to use products, developed using an elderly centered methodology. The senior tourism is a market in expansion and the old travelers need new and innovative technologies to help and support their trips. These technologies should contribute to a fun and safe experience, while promoting feelings of pleasure and self realization. In this paper we follow this design approach and put it to the test in developing the "Trip 4 All"(T4A), an application that works as a gamified virtual assistant to the elderly during a walking tourist visit. The gamified interaction with the visited environment intend to improve motivation to accomplish the visit and make the content absorption more fun and easier. The T4A works on georeferenced maps where the users' geoposition is a trigger to launch storytelling content and/or challenges based on the aspects of the visited site as such: geographical, art, religious, historic, cultural and human. The success in the challenges give the user prizes, new resources and abilities to try more complex challenges that brings more valuable prizes and so on. Furthermore, the proposed application intend to work as a companion that provides self confidence, support and social integration to elderly tourists. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the development of a gamified app, "Trip 4 All," aimed at enhancing the travel experience for elderly people. While the intervention targets older adults and uses a gamified approach, it is not specifically designed to prevent falls. The focus is on improving motivation, content absorption, and providing a fun and safe travel experience, rather than on fall prevention. Additionally, the paper does not mention any randomized controlled trials or report results related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Sikka, N., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Virtual Reality-Assisted Pain, Anxiety, and Anger Management in the Emergency Department.
[Journal]  TELEMEDICINE AND E-HEALTH 25(12): 1207-1215.
[Abstract] Study Objective: Pain management in emergency department (ED) patients is challenging. Although both pharmacological and nonpharmacological therapies exist, they are often suboptimal. Immersive virtual reality (VR) uses distraction and possible other methods to reduce perceptions of pain. The purpose of the study is to evaluate the usability and acceptability of VR applications in ED patients by assessing patient-reported changes in pain, anger, and anxiety levels.Methods: This is a prospective cohort study at a single academic urban tertiary care center among ED patients with a pain score >= 3 on a numeric rating scale (0-10 integers) for any reason. Patients with stroke, epilepsy, dementia, or other diseases that may prevent use of VR were excluded. Enrolled patients in the intervention cohort spent 20 min using VR applications. A paired t test was used to analyze the change of pain, anger, and anxiety scores between pre- and postintervention. Analysis of variance and linear regression were used to assess the impact of other subject variables (including gender, age, race, and education) on pre-post intervention changes.Results: One hundred (N = 100) patients were enrolled in this study and 93 experienced the VR intervention. Of these, 57 (61.3%) were women, and mean age was 3814. Mean anger (2.28 +/- 0.8 to 1.92 +/- 0.7, p < 0.0001), anxiety (2.06 +/- 0.8 to 1.81 +/- 0.8, p < 0.0001), and pain (7.16 +/- 2.5 to 6.49 +/- 2.7, p < 0.0001) levels dropped significantly from pre- to postintervention. Outcomes of the VR intervention were impacted by subject variables, including education and ethnicity. Pain (1.86 +/- 3.3, p = 0.03) and anger (1.03 +/- 1.4, p = 0.02) levels dropped most for those with less than high school education. Linear regression analysis revealed that patients with higher levels of health/quality of life (QOL) had larger mean drop per unit predictor for anger (0.29 [0.09], p = 0.0013) and anxiety (0.22 [0.07], p = 0.001).Conclusions: VR applications are feasible for ED patients and may lead to reduced pain, anger, and anxiety levels. These outcomes are affected by subject ethnicity, educational status, and health/QOL although independent of the chief complaint.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) to manage pain, anxiety, and anger in emergency department (ED) patients. It does not target older people specifically, nor is it focused on preventing falls. The study design is a prospective cohort study, not a randomized controlled trial, and the primary outcomes are related to pain, anger, and anxiety management, not fall prevention.

[Author]   Silva, G. S., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Spatial Modeling to Identify Sociodemographic Predictors of Hydraulic Fracturing Wastewater Injection Wells in Ohio Census Block Groups.
[Journal]  ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH PERSPECTIVES 126(6).
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Hydraulically fractured wells produce 2-14 million liters of wastewater, which may contain toxic and radioactive compounds. The wastewater is predominantly disposed of using Class II injection wells.OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to evaluate the relationship between sociodemographic characteristics and injection well locations in Ohio.METHODS: Using state and federal data sources, we classified Ohio census block groups by presence of injection wells, number of hydraulically fractured wells, sociodemographic factors (median household income, % white, population density, % >= high school education, median age, voter turnout), and geographic information (land area, water area, situated over shale). We modeled the odds of having at least one injection well within a block group with respect to all covariatcs using three multivariable models incorporating different spatial components to account for similarities in neighboring block groups.RESULTS: In bivariate analyses, block groups with injection wells (n = 156) compared with those without (n = 9,049) had lower population density (71 vs. 2,210 people/mi(2) or 27 vs. 854 people/km(2)), larger median area (43.5 vs. 1.35 km(2)), higher median age (42.8 vs. 40.2 y), and higher % white (98.1% vs. 92.1%). After adjustment using a spatial logistic regression model, the odds of a block group containing an injection well were 16% lower per $10,000 increase in median income [oddsiratio(OR) = 0.837; 95% credible interval (CE: 0.719, 0.9611 and 97% lower per 1,000 people/mi(2) (or per 386 people/km(2)) increase (OR = 0.030; 95% CI = 0.008, 0.072). Block groups on shale and those containing fewer hydraulically fractured wells were more likely to include an injection well. Percentage white, median age, % >= high school education, and % voter turnout were not significant predictors of injection well presence.CONCLUSION: In Ohio, injection wells were inversely associated with block groups' median incomes after adjusting for other sociodemographic and geographic variables. Research is needed to determine whether residents in census blocks with injection wells face increased risk of chemical exposures or adverse health outcomes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The paper focuses on the sociodemographic predictors of hydraulic fracturing wastewater injection wells in Ohio, which is unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Silva, K. S., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Changes in television viewing and computers/videogames use among high school students in Southern Brazil between 2001 and 2011.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF PUBLIC HEALTH 59(1): 77-86.
[Abstract] To compare the prevalence of television (TV) watching and of computer/videogame use among high school students (15-19 years) from Southern Brazil between 2001 and 2011 and to identify associated socio-demographic factors.Panel studies were conducted with high school students in the state of Santa Catarina, Brazil, in 2001 (n = 5,028) and 2011 (n = 6,529). TV watching and computer/videogame use were collected using questionnaires.Prevalence of a parts per thousand yen2 h/day of TV watching dropped from 76.8 to 61.5 % and a parts per thousand yen2 h/day of computer/videogame use increased from 37.9 to 60.6 %. In both surveys, those aged 15-16 and those who did not work had higher likelihoods of being exposed to a parts per thousand yen2 h/day of TV watching. Boys, those with higher family income, and those who were living in urban areas had higher likelihoods of a parts per thousand yen2 h/day of computer/videogame use. Older age, studying at night and not working were protective factors to these behaviors.After a decade, there was a decrease in the prevalence of TV viewing and an increase in computer/videogame use. Socio-demographic factors were differently associated with these behaviors.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about changes in television viewing and computer/videogame use among high school students (15-19 years) in Southern Brazil. It does not target older people, and it does not focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is observational and does not involve a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Simeonov, P., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Evaluation of a 
[Journal]  alk-through" ladder top design during ladder-roof transitioning tasks." APPLIED ERGONOMICS 59: 460-469.
[Abstract] This study evaluated the effect of an extension ladder "walk-through" top design on kinetic and kinematic behaviors and the outward destabilizing forces induced on the ladder during transitioning at elevation. Thirty-two male participants performed stepping tasks between a ladder top and a roof at simulated elevation in a surround-screen virtual-reality system. The experimental conditions included a "walk-through" and a standard ladder top section supported on flat and sloped roof surfaces. Three force platforms were placed under the ladder section and in the roof to measure propulsion forces during transitions. A motion measurement system was used to record trunk kinematics. The frictional demand at the virtual ladder base was also calculated. The results indicate that under optimal ladder setup (angle 75.5), the frictional demand at the ladder base remains relatively small for all experimental conditions. Also, the "walk through" ladder top eased the ladder-to-roof transitions but not the roof-to-ladder transitions. Published by Elsevier Ltd.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on evaluating the effect of an extension ladder "walk-through" top design on kinetic and kinematic behaviors during ladder-roof transitioning tasks, using a virtual-reality system. It does not target older people, nor is it an exergame intervention aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Singh, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Complete Traumatic Luxation of the Eyeball.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF OPHTHALMIC & VISION RESEARCH 16(4): 688-690.
[Abstract] Purpose: To report the computed tomography features of a case with complete luxation of the globe after a road traffic accident.Case Report: A 35-year-old male presented with pain, loss of vision, and bleeding from the left eye 48 hr after a road traffic accident. The ophthalmic examination of the left upper and lower eyelids showed edema with subcutaneous hematoma, crepitus, and complete blepharoptosis. On retracting the eyelids, the left eyeball was not visible and the patient was not able to perceive light. The left temporal region appeared filled with a soft, palpable globular structure situated beneath the temporalis muscle. A non contrast computed tomography (NCCT) of the head and orbits showed a comminuted and displaced fracture of the floor, medial, and lateral orbital walls in addition to a displaced tripod fracture of the left zygomatic bone. The intact left eyeball was seen below the temporalis muscle without any optic nerve or extraocular muscle attachment. The virtual reality reconstruction highlighted a contributory supero-temporal defect in the bony orbit, which appeared large enough to accommodate the intact eyeball.Conclusion: The computed tomography of the orbits provided a detailed location of the luxated eyeball and provided guidance in further management of the case.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a case report of complete traumatic luxation of the eyeball following a road traffic accident. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Singh, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    The Role of Virtual Reality and Functional Electrical Stimulation on a Seven-Year-Old Child With Erb's Palsy: A Case Report.
[Journal]  CUREUS JOURNAL OF MEDICAL SCIENCE 16(6).
[Abstract] Erb's palsy usually commonly arises from incidents such as falls, collisions, birth trauma, and shoulder injuries in children. It impairs upper extremity muscle function, which has an impact on the quality of life and social interaction. Physical therapy is beneficial in preserving and enhancing upper extremity function, improving the quality of life. In this case report, a seven -year -old female child with complaints of weakness the right upper limb demonstrated a notable increase in the strength and function of the upper extremities after four weeks of structured rehabilitation using virtual reality and functional electrical stimulation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets a seven-year-old child with Erb's palsy, and the focus is on improving upper extremity function, not on preventing falls in older people. Additionally, this is a case report, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Sisler, S. M., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Consider the root of the problem: increasing trainee skills at assessing and addressing social determinants of health.
[Journal]  TRANSLATIONAL BEHAVIORAL MEDICINE 9(3): 523-532.
[Abstract] National pediatrics guidelines recommend screening all patients for unmet social needs to improve self-management of chronic conditions and health outcomes and to reduce costs. Practitioners involved in training pediatric clinicians need to understand how to prepare pediatric clinicians to effectively conduct social needs screening and where current training methods fall short. Our qualitative study investigated whether using "standardized" patients during trainee education improved trainees' ability to assess and address adolescent patients' social needs. Vulnerable adolescents should be prioritized in social determinants of health translational research because increased risk taking and emotionality may predispose this population to lower self-esteem and self-efficacy. We trained 23 adolescents (aged 16-18) recruited from an urban health-career education program to act as standardized patients (SPs). Two cohorts of nurse practitioner trainees (n = 36) enrolled in a simulation where the patient-actor presented with a minor chief complaint and related a fabricated complex social history. Pre-encounter, Cohort 1 (n = 18) reviewed psychosocial screeners; Cohort 2 (n = 18) were given in-depth information about social needs before meeting patients. SPs gave individualized feedback to trainees, and self-reflections were analyzed using thematic analysis. In Cohort 1, trainees identified some social needs, yet few intervened. Trainees expressed discomfort in: (a) asking socially sensitive questions and (b) triaging patient versus clinician priorities. Cohort 2 demonstrated improvements compared to Cohort 1 in identifying needs yet had similar difficulty with organization and questioning. Trainees were able to utilize a lower-stakes interaction with patient-actors to raise awareness regarding a patient's sensitive needs and to organize care surrounding these patient-centered concerns.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on training pediatric clinicians to assess and address social determinants of health using standardized patients, and it does not involve exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Skjaeret, N., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Exercise and rehabilitation delivered through exergames in older adults: An integrative review of technologies, safety and efficacy.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INFORMATICS 85(1): 1-16.
[Abstract] Background: There has been a rapid increase in research on the use of virtual reality (VR) and gaming technology as a complementary tool in exercise and rehabilitation in the elderly population. Although a few recent studies have evaluated their efficacy, there is currently no in-depth description and discussion of different game technologies, physical functions targeted, and safety issues related to older adults playing exergames.Objectives: This integrative review provides an overview of the technologies and games used, progression, safety measurements and associated adverse events, adherence to exergaming, outcome measures used, and their effect on physical function. Methods: We undertook systematic searches of SCOPUS and PubMed databases. Key search terms included "game", "exercise", and "aged", and were adapted to each database. To be included, studies had to involve older adults aged 65 years or above, have a pre-post training or intervention design, include ICT-implemented games with weight-bearing exercises, and have outcome measures that included physical activity variables and/or clinical tests of physical function.Results: Sixty studies fulfilled the inclusion criteria. The studies had a broad range of aims and intervention designs and mostly focused on community-dwelling healthy older adults. The majority of the studies used commercially available gaming technologies that targeted a number of different physical functions. Most studies reported that they had used some form of safety measure during intervention. None of the studies reported serious adverse events. However, only 21 studies (35%) reported on whether adverse events occurred. Twenty-four studies reported on adherence, but only seven studies (12%) compared adherence to exergaming with other forms of exercise. Clinical measures of balance were the most frequently used outcome measures. PEDro scores indicated that most studies had several methodological problems, with only 4 studies fulfilling 6 or more criteria out of 10. Several studies found positive effects of exergaming on balance and gait, while none reported negative effects.Conclusion: Exergames show promise as an intervention to improve physical function in older adults, with few reported adverse events. As there is large variability between studies in terms of intervention protocols and outcome measures, as well as several methodological limitations, recommendations for both practice and further research are provided in order to successfully establish exergames as an exercise and rehabilitation tool for older adults. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is an integrative review that provides an overview of the technologies, safety, and efficacy of exergames for exercise and rehabilitation in older adults. It does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial, and it includes a broad range of studies with various designs, many of which are not randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the specific type of study you are looking for.

[Author]   Skjaeret, N., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Designing for Movement Quality in Exergames: Lessons Learned from Observing Senior Citizens Playing Stepping Games.
[Journal]  GERONTOLOGY 61(2): 186-194.
[Abstract] Background: Exergames are increasingly used as an exercise intervention to reduce fall risk in elderly. However, few exergames have been designed specifically for elderly, and we lack knowledge about the characteristics of the movements elicited by exergames and thereby about their potential to train functions important for fall risk reduction. Objective: This study investigates game elements and older players' movement characteristics during stepping exergames in order to inform exergame design for movement quality in the context of fall preventive exercise. Methods: Fourteen senior citizens (mean age 73 years +/- 5.7, range 65 - 85) played 3 stepping exergannes in a laboratory. Each of the exergames was described with respect to 7 game elements (physical space, sensing hardware technology, game graphics and sound, model of user, avatar/mapping of movements, game mechanism and game narrative). Five movement characteristics (weight shift; variation in step length, speed, and movement direction; visual independency) were scored on a 5-point Likert scale based on video observations of each player and each game. Disagreement between raters was resolved by agreement. Differences in scores for the 3 exergames were analyzed with a multivariate one-way ANOVA. Results: The Mole received the highest sum score and the best score on each of the 5 movement characteristics (all p values <0.0005). LightRace scored the lowest of the 3 exergames on weight shift and variation in movement direction (both p values <0.0005), while DanceDanceRevolution scored lowest on step length variation and visual independency (p <0.03 and p <0.0005, respectively), and lower than The Mole on speed variation (p < 0.05). The physical space players used when exergaming and the on-screen representation of the player, affected movement quality positively as indexed by multiple weight shifts and variation in stepping size, direction, and speed. Furthermore, players' movements improved when playing speed-affected game progression and when the game narrative was related to a natural context. Conclusion: Comparing differences in game elements with associated differences in game movement requirements provides valuable insights about how to design for movement quality in exergames. This provided important lessons for the design of exergames for fall-preventive exercise in senior citizens and illustrates the value of including analyses of movement characteristics when designing such exergames. (C) 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the design and analysis of exergames to improve movement quality in senior citizens, which is relevant to fall prevention. However, it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial (RCT). Instead, it describes an observational study where 14 senior citizens played three different stepping exergames, and their movements were analyzed. The study aims to inform the design of exergames for better movement quality, but it does not meet the criteria for including an RCT with reported results.

[Author]   Skjaeret-Maroni, N., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Exergaming in Older Adults: Movement Characteristics While Playing Stepping Games.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PSYCHOLOGY 7.
[Abstract] Despite frequent use of exergames in intervention studies to improve physical function in older adults, we lack knowledge about the movements performed during exergaming. This causes difficulties for interpreting results of intervention studies and drawing conclusions about the efficacy of exergames to exercise specific functions important for the elderly population. The aim of the current study was to investigate whether game and game level affect older adults' stepping and upper body movements while playing stepping exergames. A 3D-motion capture experiment was performed with 20 elderly (12 women and 8 men; age range 65-90 years), playing two exergames, The Mole from SilverFit and LightRace in YourShape: Fitness Evolved, on two difficulty levels, with five 1-min trials for each game and level. Reflective markers were placed on bases of first toe, heels, and lower back. Movement characteristics were analyzed with a linear mixed model. Results indicated that both game and game level affected movement characteristics. Participants took shorter steps and had lower step velocity when playing The Mole compared to LightRace, while The Mole prompted more variation in step length and step velocity. Compared to LightRace, The Mole elicited larger upper body movements in both ML- and AP-directions and participants' feet and upper body covered a larger area. Increasing difficulty level from Easy to Medium resulted in overall decrease of movement, except for number of steps and step speed when playing LightRace. Even with only two games, two levels, and five trials at each, this study indicates that the choice of exergame is not indifferent when aiming to exercise specific functions in older adults and that exergames need to be chosen and designed carefully based on the goals of the intervention.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the movement characteristics of older adults while playing stepping exergames, rather than on the use of exergames to prevent falls. While it does involve older adults and exergames, it does not report on a randomized controlled trial (RCT) aimed at preventing falls. The study is more about understanding the types of movements that are elicited by different exergames and game levels, which can inform future interventions but does not itself meet the criteria for an RCT focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Sleutjes, B. T. H. M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Simulating progressive motor neuron degeneration and collateral reinnervation in motor neuron diseases using a dynamic muscle model based on human single motor unit recordings.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEURAL ENGINEERING 20(5).
[Abstract] Objective. To simulate progressive motor neuron loss and collateral reinnervation in motor neuron diseases (MNDs) by developing a dynamic muscle model based on human single motor unit (MU) surface-electromyography (EMG) recordings. Approach. Single MU potentials recorded with high-density surface-EMG from thenar muscles formed the basic building blocks of the model. From the baseline MU pool innervating a muscle, progressive MU loss was simulated by removal of MUs, one-by-one. These removed MUs underwent collateral reinnervation with scenarios varying from 0% to 100%. These scenarios were based on a geometric variable, reflecting the overlap in MU territories using the spatiotemporal profiles of single MUs and a variable reflecting the efficacy of the reinnervation process. For validation, we tailored the model to generate compound muscle action potential (CMAP) scans, which is a promising surface-EMG method for monitoring MND patients. Selected scenarios for reinnervation that matched observed MU enlargements were used to validate the model by comparing markers (including the maximum CMAP and a motor unit number estimate (MUNE)) derived from simulated and recorded CMAP scans in a cohort of 49 MND patients and 22 age-matched healthy controls. Main results. The maximum CMAP at baseline was 8.3 mV (5th-95th percentile: 4.6 mV-11.8 mV). Phase cancellation caused an amplitude drop of 38.9% (5th-95th percentile, 33.0%-45.7%). To match observations, the geometric variable had to be set at 40% and the efficacy variable at 60%-70%. The Delta maximum CMAP between recorded and simulated CMAP scans as a function of fitted MUNE was -0.4 mV (5th-95th percentile = -4.0 - +2.4 mV). Significance. The dynamic muscle model could be used as a platform to train personnel in applying surface-EMG methods prior to their use in clinical care and trials. Moreover, the model may pave the way to compare biomarkers more efficiently, without directly posing unnecessary burden on patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the abstract is a simulation model based on human single motor unit recordings, and it is focused on simulating progressive motor neuron degeneration and collateral reinnervation in motor neuron diseases. There is no mention of exergames, older people as the target population, or a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Smith, S. T. and M.-L. Bird (2016).
[Title]    Interactive Games for Home Delivery of Exercise and Rehabilitation Interventions for Older Adults: An Australian Perspective
[Journal]  PROMISE OF NEW TECHNOLOGIES IN AN AGE OF NEW HEALTH CHALLENGES. 231: 110-118.
[Abstract] Over the past few decades there has been a wealth of published scientific evidence for the physical, cognitive and social health-related benefits of increased physical activity, especially in older adults and people living with chronic disease. Despite the clear evidence base demonstrating the health-related benefits of physical activity, uptake and adherence is often disappointing. Therefore, methods for remote delivery of guided exercise programs are required, both to maximise the reach of physical activity promotion initiatives and programs across the older community and to minimise attrition once people begin to be physically active. One method by which we can increase understanding of the importance of, and compliance with, exercise programs involves the use of fun and engaging videogames. In the following we outline two ways in which we are using games technology in an Australian context.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract discusses the use of interactive games and videogames for delivering exercise and rehabilitation interventions to older adults. However, it does not specifically mention that these games are exergames (e.g., virtual reality, video games, or electronic games designed for physical activity) aimed at preventing falls. Additionally, the abstract does not indicate that the paper includes a randomized controlled trial with reported results. Instead, it provides an overview of how games technology is being used in an Australian context, which suggests it may be more of a perspective or review rather than a study with original data.

[Author]   Snell, B., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Reading and Listening to Music Increase Resting Energy Expenditure during an Indirect Calorimetry Test.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE ACADEMY OF NUTRITION AND DIETETICS 114(12): 1939-1942.
[Abstract] Indirect calorimetry is often done early in the morning in a fasting state, with the subject unshowered and abstained from caffeine or other stimulants. Subjects often fall asleep, resulting in measurement of a sleeping metabolic rate rather than a resting metabolic rate. The objective of this study was to determine whether listening to self-selected relaxing music or reading an electronic device or magazine affects resting energy expenditure (REE) during measurement in healthy adults. A randomized trial comparing three different conditions (ie, resting, reading, and listening to music) was performed. Sixty-five subjects (36 female and 29 male) were used in final data analysis. Inclusion criteria included healthy subjects between the ages of 18 and 50 years with a stable weight. Exclusion criteria included pregnant or lactating women or use of medications known to affect metabolism. Results showed that reading either a magazine or an electronic device significantly increased REE by 102.7 kcal/day when compared with resting (P<0.0001); however, there was no difference in REE between the electronic device and magazine. Listening to self-selected relaxing music increased REE by 27.6 kcal/day compared with rest (P = 0.0072). Based on our results, we recommend subjects refrain from reading a magazine or electronic device during an indirect calorimetry test. Whether or not the smaller difference found while listening to music is practically significant would be a decision for the indirect calorimetry test administrator.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of reading and listening to music on resting energy expenditure during an indirect calorimetry test in healthy adults aged 18 to 50, and it does not involve exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Soangra, R. and S. Rajagopal (2021). 
[Title]    Effects of visual referencing on backward and forward treadmill walking in VR environments.
[Journal]  DISPLAYS 66.
[Abstract] Backward walking is used increasingly as a rehabilitation exercise for stroke and diabetic peripheral neuropathy patients to improve strength and balance. However, it is unclear how visual referencing affects backward and forward walking. In this study, we evaluated spatiotemporal gait characteristics changes due to visual referencing while backward/forward walking. Sixteen healthy young participants were recruited in this study. All participants walked for 2 min with and without visual referencing in the virtual reality environment. While walking backward participants faced the virtual reality screen similar to forward walking, but their treadmill belt direction of movement was reversed. All participants walked at their preferred speed. We found that backward walking with visual reference affected symmetry in step length (p < 0.05) and step width (p < 0.001). Backward walking increased variability in step length (p < 0.001) and COM side excursions (p < 0.01) but also increased base of support through increased step width (p < 0.02). We also found backward walking with visual reference had significantly increased double support time (p < 0.001) and reduced swing time (p < 0.001). We also found that backward walking does not predispose to slip and trip risk, thereby, reduced foot contact velocity (p < 0.0001) and increased foot clearance (p < 0.0001). The findings of this study will help understand the effects of visual reference in backward and forward walking enables clinicians to design patient-centered rehabilitation exercises.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets healthy young participants, not older people, and the focus is on understanding the effects of visual referencing on backward and forward treadmill walking in a virtual reality environment, rather than specifically using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Soler, G. A., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Predicting the diet of coastal fishes at a continental scale based on taxonomy and body size.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF EXPERIMENTAL MARINE BIOLOGY AND ECOLOGY 480: 1-7.
[Abstract] Predicting diet of animals in ecological communities is necessary for a better understanding of trophic links and piecing together food webs to inform ecosystem-based management. A dietary model, Consume, was recently developed to predict detailed dietary information for fishes on the basis of fish identity and size. This model was field-tested over a continental scale, predicting community-level consumption for other temperate marine fish communities that differed in species composition and size structure. Using local stomach contents data to field-test predictions, accurate performance of the model was found across 14 locations around southern Australia. Prey type and mean prey size were predicted for fishes at new locations with high accuracy (mean percentage overlap between predicted and actual prey types = 73%; r(2) between predicted and observed mean prey size = 89%) when trained with stomach contents data from subsets of sampled fishes at all locations. Model accuracy dropped, but was still respectable, when using training data only from one location (prey type accuracy = 67%; mean prey size r(2) = 56%). Prey type was more accurately predicted on the basis of consumer body size than species identity, while consumer family identity and size were needed for accurate prediction of mean prey size. The most important factors were evaluated by leaving out predictors (species, genus and family identity; size of consumer; habitat, location, ecoregion and biogeographic province). Exclusion of geographical location information resulted in little loss in accuracy. Our results highlight the need for consideration of consumer body size in trophic models, rather than binning species into functional groups solely on the basis of taxonomy. Application of Consume to situations where no dietary information exists, but at least fish family identity and size structure are known, will provide a novel mechanism for testing important ecological hypotheses and assessing trophic consequences of anthropogenically-induced changes in community structure. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The provided paper is about predicting the diet of coastal fishes based on taxonomy and body size, and it does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, methods, and outcomes described in the abstract are unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Soliman, M. (2020). 
[Title]    Microstructural Control and Properties Optimization of Microalloyed Pipeline Steel.
[Journal]  METALS 10(11).
[Abstract] A series of physical simulations, with parameters resembling those of industrial rolling, were applied using a thermo-mechanical simulator on microalloyed bainitic pipeline steel to study the influence of varying the processing parameters on its microstructure evolution and mechanical properties. In this study, the austenitization temperature and roughing parameters were kept unchanged, whereas the parameters of the finishing stage were varied. The developed microstructures were studied using scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). It is illustrated that selecting the appropriate cooling strategy (without altering the deformation schedule) can produce an optimized microstructure that breaks through the strength-ductility trade-off. Increasing the cooling rate after the finishing stage from 10 K center dot s(-1) to 20 K center dot s(-1) activated the microstructure refinement by effective nucleation of acicular ferrite and formation of finer and more dispersed martensite/austenite phase. This resulted in a remarkable enhancement in the ductility without compensating the strength. Furthermore, a pronounced strength increase with a slight ductility decrease was observed when selecting the appropriate coiling temperature, which is attributed to the copious precipitation associated with locating the coiling temperature near the peak temperature of precipitation. On the other hand, it was observed that the coiling temperature is the predominant parameter affecting the strain aging potential of the studied steel. Higher strain aging potentials were perceived in the samples with lower yield strength and vice versa, so that the differences in yield strength after thermo-mechanical treatments evened out after strain aging.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The provided paper is about the microstructural control and properties optimization of microalloyed pipeline steel. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, methods, and study design are entirely unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Soltani, P. and R. Andrade (2021). 
[Title]    The Influence of Virtual Reality Head-Mounted Displays on Balance Outcomes and Training Paradigms: A Systematic Review.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN SPORTS AND ACTIVE LIVING 2.
[Abstract] Background: Falls are the leading causes of (non)fatal injuries in older adults. Recent research has developed interventions that aim to improve balance in older adults using virtual reality (VR).Purpose: We aimed to investigate the validity, reliability, safety, feasibility, and efficacy of head mounted display (HMD) systems for assessing and training balance in older adults.Methods: We searched EBSCOhost, Scopus, Web of Science, and PubMed databases until 1 September 2020 to find studies that used HMD systems for assessing or training balance. The methodological quality was assessed using a modified version of Downs and Black. We also appraised the risk of bias using Risk of Bias Assessment tool for Non-randomized Studies (RoBANS).Results: A total of 19 articles (637 participants) were included for review. Despite heterogenous age ranges and clinical conditions across studies, VR HMD systems were valid to assess balance and could be useful for fall prevention and for improving postural control and gait patterns. These systems also have the capacity to differentiate healthy and balance-impaired individuals. During VR versions of traditional balance tests, older adults generally acquire a cautious behavior and take more time to complete the tasks.Conclusion: VR HMD systems can offer ecologically valid scenarios to assess and train functional balance and can be used alone or in addition to other interventions. New norms and protocols should be defined according to participants' age, health status, and severity of their illness when using VR HMD systems for balance assessment and training. For safe and feasible training, attention must be given to display type, VR elements and scenarios, duration of exposure, and system usability. Due to high risk of bias and overall poor quality of the studies, further research is needed on the effectiveness of HMD VR training in older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the intervention targets older adults and uses virtual reality (which can be considered an exergame), the study design is a review rather than an original research study.

[Author]   Sommer, M., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Simulated patients in medical education - a survey on the current status in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
[Journal]  GMS JOURNAL FOR MEDICAL EDUCATION 36(3).
[Abstract] Objective: In German-speaking countries (Germany, Austria, Switzerland), simulated patients (SPs) have been a fixture for years and are used in teaching and examinations. As part of ongoing methodological standardization efforts and to support current and future faculty and curriculum developments, this exploratory study systematically investigates how and under what framework and conditions SPs are currently used in German-speaking countries.Methodology: The online questionnaire developed in cooperation with the Committee for Simulated Patients of the Society for Medical Education comprises 58 questions covering the organization and administration, size and design of the SP pool, general conditions and minimum standards for the assignments of the SPs. All medical faculties from Germany, Austria and German-speaking Switzerland were invited to participate in the survey and a descriptive data analysis was performed.Results: 38 responses from 45 faculties were included in the evaluation of the survey (response rate: 84.4%). Most SP programs are affiliated with the Office of the Dean of Studies and skills labs or training centers and funded by faculty resources. Both the working hours in the SP programs and the qualifications of the employees vary extensively. The same applies to the number and average age of the employed SPs. On average each faculty uses 1,290 SP hours per year (min=45, max=6,500). The majority of SPs are used in a teaching environment, together with lecturers. At all sites, SPs provide feedback to students. This is always based on a uniform standard. All SPs receive training, which predominantly focuses on playing their role and giving feedback.Discussion: There are a variety of SP programs in German-speaking countries. While there are a few clear similarities (for example, feedback from SPs), many organizational and methodological aspects are handled differently. Although this allows innovation and flexibility, it also weakens the didactic SP method in its standardization and thus in the comparability of quality. A certain degree of standardization and high methodical quality is of great importance, especially in scientific and faculty internal discussions and with a view to the use of SPs in high-stakes examinations which must be improved in the future.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of simulated patients (SPs) in medical education in German-speaking countries. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, methods, and outcomes discussed in the abstract are unrelated to exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Sonderup, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Intraoperative fluoroscopy skills in distal radius fracture surgery: valid and reliable assessment on a novel immersive virtual reality simulator.
[Journal]  ACTA ORTHOPAEDICA 95: 477-484.
[Abstract] Background and purpose - Orthopedic trainees must be able to perform intraoperative fluoroscopy imaging to assess the surgical result after volar locking plate surgeries of distal radius fractures. Guided by Messick's contemporary validity framework, the aim of our study was to gather evidence of validity for a test of proficiency for intraoperative imaging of a distal radius fracture using a novel immersive virtual reality simulator. Methods - 11 novices and 9 experienced surgeons employed at orthopedic departments completed 2 individual simulator sessions. At each session the participants performed 3 repetitions of an intraoperative fluoroscopic control of a distal radius fracture, consisting of 5 different fluoroscopic views. Several performance metrics were automatically recorded by the simulator and compared between the 2 groups. Results - Simulator metrics for 3 of the 5 fluoroscopic views could discriminate between novices and experienced surgeons. An estimated composite score based on these 3 views showed good test-retest reliability, ICC = 0.82 (confidence interval 0.65-0.92; P < 0.001). A discriminatory standard was set at a composite score of 6.15 points resulting in 1 false positive (i.e., novice scoring better than the standard), and 1 false negative (i.e., experienced surgeon scoring worse than the standard). Conclusion - This study provided validity evidence from all 5 sources of Messick's contemporary validity framework (content, response process, internal structure, relationship with other variables, and consequences) for a simulation-based test of proficiency in intraoperative fluoroscopic control of a distal radius fracture fixated by a volar locking plate.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the validation of a virtual reality simulator for training orthopedic surgeons in performing intraoperative fluoroscopy during distal radius fracture surgery. It does not target older people, nor is it focused on exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study is also not a randomized controlled trial, and the intervention is aimed at surgical training, not fall prevention.

[Author]   Song, J., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Home-based step training using videogame technology in people with Parkinson's disease: a single-blinded randomised controlled trial.
[Journal]  CLINICAL REHABILITATION 32(3): 299-311.
[Abstract] Objectives: To determine whether 12-week home-based exergame step training can improve stepping performance, gait and complementary physical and neuropsychological measures associated with falls in Parkinson's disease.Design: A single-blinded randomised controlled trial.Setting: Community (experimental intervention), university laboratory (outcome measures).Subjects: Sixty community-dwelling people with Parkinson's disease.Interventions: Home-based step training using videogame technology.Main measures: The primary outcomes were the choice stepping reaction time test and Functional Gait Assessment. Secondary outcomes included physical and neuropsychological measures associated with falls in Parkinson's disease, number of falls over sixmonths and self-reported mobility and balance.Results: Post intervention, there were no differences between the intervention (n=28) and control (n=25) groups in the primary or secondary outcomes except for the Timed Up and Go test, where there was a significant difference in favour of the control group (P=0.02). Intervention participants reported mobility improvement, whereas control participants reported mobility deteriorationbetween-group difference on an 11-point scale=0.9 (95% confidence interval: -1.8 to -0.1, P=0.03). Interaction effects between intervention and disease severity on physical function measures were observed (P=0.01 to P=0.08) with seemingly positive effects for the low-severity group and potentially negative effects for the high-severity group.Conclusion: Overall, home-based exergame step training was not effective in improving the outcomes assessed. However, the improved physical function in the lower disease severity intervention participants as well as the self-reported improved mobility in the intervention group suggest home-based exergame step training may have benefits for some people with Parkinson's disease.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of exergames to improve stepping performance, gait, and other physical and neuropsychological measures in people with Parkinson's disease. While the intervention does involve an exergame (home-based step training using videogame technology) and a randomized controlled trial, the target population is people with Parkinson's disease, not specifically older people. Additionally, the primary focus is on improving stepping performance and gait, rather than preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not fully meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Song, K., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Synthetic lumbar MRI can aid in diagnosis and treatment strategies based on self-pix networks.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 14(1).
[Abstract] CT and MR tools are commonly used to diagnose lumbar fractures (LF). However, numerous limitations have been found in practice. The aims of this study were to innovate and develop a spinal disease-specific neural network and to evaluate whether synthetic MRI of the LF affected clinical diagnosis and treatment strategies. A total of 675 LF patients who met the inclusion and exclusion criteria were included in the study. For each participant, two mid-sagittal CT and T2-weighted MR images were selected; 1350 pairs of LF images were also included. A new Self-pix based on Pix2pix and Self-Attention was constructed. A total of 1350 pairs of CT and MR images, which were randomly divided into a training group (1147 pairs) and a test group (203 pairs), were fed into Pix2pix and Self-pix. The quantitative evaluation included PSNR and SSIM (PSNR1 and SSIM1: real MR images and Pix2pix-generated MR images; PSNR2 and SSIM2: real MR images and Self-pix-generated MR images). The qualitative evaluation, including accurate diagnosis of acute fractures and accurate selection of treatment strategies based on Self-pix-generated MRI, was performed by three spine surgeons. In the LF group, PSNR1 and PSNR2 were 10.884 and 11.021 (p < 0.001), and SSIM1 and SSIM2 were 0.766 and 0.771 (p < 0.001), respectively. In the ROI group, PSNR1 and PSNR2 were 12.350 and 12.670 (p = 0.004), and SSIM1 and SSIM2 were 0.816 and 0.832 (p = 0.005), respectively. According to the qualitative evaluation, Self-pix-generated MRI showed no significant difference from real MRI in identifying acute fractures (p = 0.689), with a good sensitivity of 84.36% and specificity of 96.65%. No difference in treatment strategy was found between the Self-pix-generated MRI group and the real MRI group (p = 0.135). In this study, a disease-specific GAN named Self-pix was developed, which demonstrated better image generation performance compared to traditional GAN. The spine surgeon could accurately diagnose LF and select treatment strategies based on Self-pix-generated T2 MR images.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and application of a neural network (Self-pix) for generating synthetic MRI images to aid in the diagnosis and treatment of lumbar fractures. It does not involve exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sorrento, G. U., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Adaptation and post-adaptation effects of haptic forces on locomotion in healthy young adults.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 15.
[Abstract] Background: Developing rehabilitation strategies to improve functional walking and postural control in patients is a priority for rehabilitation clinicians and researchers alike. One possible strategy is the use of sensory modalities to elicit adaptive locomotor gait patterns. This study aimed to explore to what extent haptic inputs, in the form of forward-leading tensile forces delivered to the hand, compared to no force, may lead to adaptation and post-adaptation effects on gait parameters, during and after the haptic exposure, respectively.Methods: Thirteen healthy young individuals were recruited for this study. We developed an innovative system combining virtual reality and haptic tensile forces in the direction of locomotion to simulate walking with a dog. A robotic arm generated forces via an adapted leash to the participant's hand while they walked on a self-paced treadmill immersed in a virtual environment with scene progression synchronized to the treadmill.Results: All participants showed significant increases in instantaneous gait velocity and stride length, with accompanying decreases in double-limb support time (p < 0.05) when walking with a haptic tensile force of either 10 or 20 N, relative to pre-force epoch levels, indicating an adaptation effect. When the 10 or 20 N force was removed, gait measures generally remained changed relative to baseline pre-force levels (p < 0.05), providing evidence of a post-adaptation effect.Conclusions: Changes in spatiotemporal outcomes provide evidence that both adaptation and post-adaptation effects were present in response to the application and removal of a haptic force. Future studies will investigate whether similar changes in elderly and post-stroke populations can be actualized during steady-state walking.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of haptic forces on locomotion in healthy young adults, and it does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people or being an exergame. Additionally, the study is a single experimental study, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Sorrento, G. U., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Walking with robot-generated haptic forces in a virtual environment: a new approach to analyze lower limb coordination.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 18(1).
[Abstract] Background Walking with a haptic tensile force applied to the hand in a virtual environment (VE) can induce adaptation effects in both chronic stroke and non-stroke individuals. These effects are reflected in spatiotemporal outcomes such as gait speed. However, the concurrent kinematic changes occurring in bilateral lower limb coordination have yet to be explored. Methods Chronic stroke participants were stratified based on overground gait speed into lower functioning (LF < 0.8 m/s, N = 7) and higher functioning (HF >= 0.8 m/s, N = 7) subgroups. These subgroups and an age-matched control group (N = 14, CG) walked on a self-paced treadmill in a VE with either robot-generated haptic leash forces delivered to the hand and then released or with an instrumented cane. Walking in both leash (10 and 15 N) and cane conditions were compared to pre-force baseline values to evaluate changes in lower limb coordination outcomes. Results All groups showed some kinematic changes in thigh, leg and foot segments when gait speed increased during force and post-force leash as well as cane walking. These changes were also reflected in intersegmental coordination and 3D phase diagrams, which illustrated increased intersegmental trajectory areas (p < 0.05) and angular velocity. These increases could also be observed when the paretic leg transitions from stance to swing phases while walking with the haptic leash. The Sobolev norm values accounted for both angular position and angular velocity, providing a single value for potentially quantifying bilateral (i.e. non-paretic vs paretic) coordination during walking. These values tended to increase (p < 0.05) proportionally for both limbs during force and post-force epochs as gait speed tended to increase. Conclusions Individuals with chronic stroke who increased their gait speed when walking with tensile haptic forces and immediately after force removal, also displayed moderate concurrent changes in lower limb intersegmental coordination patterns in terms of angular displacement and velocity. Similar results were also seen with cane walking. Although symmetry was less affected, these findings appear favourable to the functional recovery of gait. Both the use of 3D phase diagrams and assigning Sobolev norm values are potentially effective for detecting and quantifying these coordination changes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention involves walking with robot-generated haptic forces in a virtual environment, but it is focused on analyzing lower limb coordination and gait speed in individuals with chronic stroke, rather than specifically targeting fall prevention in the elderly. Additionally, the study does not mention that the participants are older people, and it is not clear if the intervention is an exergame as defined (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, cognitive training, etc.). Finally, while the study includes a randomized controlled trial, the primary focus is on kinematic changes and gait speed, not on fall prevention.

[Author]   Sousa, C. V., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of the Effect of Active Video Games on Postural Balance.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE AND REHABILITATION 104(4): 631-644.
[Abstract] Objective: To conduct a comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of active video game (AVG) interventions on postural balance across all ages in populations with and without neurologic impairments, using all types of platforms.Data Source: Six databases (PubMed, PsycINFO, Sport Discus, MEDLINE, Web of Science, and Google Scholar) were reviewed by December 31, 2020.Study Selection: The protocol was registered in the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (PROSPERO: CRD42020204191). For inclusion, a study must be original, published in English peer-reviewed venues and employed AVGs as the sole or primary intervention to enhance, maintain, or regain postural balance. At least 2 within-or between-subjects conditions must be included with >= 10 participants per condition.Data Extraction: Three reviewers independently performed data extraction and assessed the risk of bias.Data Synthesis: 129 studies were identified, with 102 eligible for meta-analysis. The total number of tested participants was 6407 (60.0% women, Mage=55.1 years, range=3-99 years, SD=22.6). The average intervention duration was 35.6 min/session with 3.1 sessions/week for 7.6 weeks. The overall effect favored AVG interventions (Hedges' g=0.469; 95% confidence interval [CI]=0.407-0.531). Although the overall study quality was relatively low, the analysis expectedly indicated significantly larger effects (P<.001) for AVG-interventions over passive controls (Hedges' g=0.627; 95% CI=0.466-0.788), but importantly also favored AVG-interventions over conventional treatment (Hedges' g=0.389; 95% CI=0.311-0.468). All clinical populations responded positively, although with different effect sizes (P=.023). Children experienced larger treatment effects (Hedges' g=0.550; 95% CI=0.336-0.764), closely followed by seniors (Hedges' g=0.529; 95% CI=0.402-0.656). The largest intervention effect on balance improvements was seen in healthy people without a medical condition (Hedges' g=0.609; 95% CI=0.465-0.753).Conclusions: AVGs can produce postural balance improvements and better postural maintenance. All populations could benefit from AVG interventions. Archives of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation 2023;104:631-44 (c) 2023 by the American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while it includes older people as part of its population, the focus is on all ages and various clinical populations, not specifically on the elderly.

[Author]   Spitler, C. A., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Generating stability in elderly acetabular fractures-A biomechanical assessment.
[Journal]  INJURY-INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF THE CARE OF THE INJURED 48(10): 2054-2059.
[Abstract] Background & objectives: As the overall health and life expectancy increases in the United States, the incidence of fragility fractures in elderly patients also continues to increase. Given their medical comorbidities and decreased bone mineral density, acetabular fractures in the elderly population present a significant challenge to the orthopaedic trauma surgeon. The anterior column posterior hemitransverse (ACPHT) fracture pattern is a common fracture pattern in this population, and is often associated with central subluxation/dislocation of the femoral head with articular impaction. This study sought to delineate the most stable fixation construct in ACPHT fracture patterns in the elderly population.Materials and methods: The sample consisted of 3 groups of synthetic hemipelves (N = 15), which were tested in order to compare stiffness by measuring motion at fracture lines under applied loads. The three groups of unique quadrilateral plate fixation were as follows: a specialty quadrilateral surface plate; 4 long peri- articular screws parallel to the quadrilateral surface into the ischium,; and an 8 hole infrapectineal buttress plate. Digital imaging system measured construct motion under load. Construct stiffness was estimated by linear regression of load between 50 and 850 N versus average relative motion (average of relative motion at 200 points along the line of the osteotomy). Permanent deformation was estimated as the magnitude of relative motion upon unloading.Results: Using ANOVA with Tukey's test to determine construct stiffness in loading, the group long periarticular screws was found to have significantly higher stiffness than either of the other groups. Maximal fracture displacement was located at the intersection of the low transverse fracture line in the posterior column and the free quadrilateral surface fragment.Conclusions: Results indicate that the best fixation construct for this ACPHT acetabular fracture pattern includes independent lag screws across the anterior column and a pelvic brim plate with long periarticular screws maximizing posterior column fixation and preventing medialization of the free quadrilateral fragment. Although there are potential patient considerations that may complicate the placement of all 4 long screws, in most patients one or more of these screws can be safely placed in order to help prevent secondary displacement. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the biomechanical assessment of fixation constructs for acetabular fractures in the elderly. It does not involve the use of exergames or any form of virtual reality, video games, or electronic games to prevent falls. The study focuses on surgical techniques and their stability, which is unrelated to the criteria for using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sproull, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Comparison of Novel Proteomic Expression Profiles for Radiation Exposure in Male and Female C57BL6 Mice.
[Journal]  RADIATION RESEARCH 201(6): 558-566.
[Abstract] There is a need for point-of-care diagnostics for future mass casualty events involving radiation exposure. The development of radiation exposure and dose prediction algorithms for biodosimetry is needed for screening of large populations during these scenarios, and exploration of the potential effects which sex, age, genetic heterogeneity, and physiological comorbidities may have on the utility of biodosimetry diagnostics is needed. In the current study, proteomic profiling was used to examine sex-specific differences in age-matched C57BL6 mice on the blood proteome after radiation exposure, and the usefulness of development and application of biodosimetry algorithms using both male and female samples. Male and female mice between 9-11 weeks of age received a dose of total-body irradiation (TBI) of either 2, 4 or 8 Gy and plasma was collected at days 1, 3 and 7 postirradiation. Plasma was then screened using the SomaScan v4.1 assay for similar to 7,000 protein analytes. A subset panel of protein biomarkers demonstrated significant (FDR < 0.05 and vertical bar logFC vertical bar > 0.2) changes in expression after radiation exposure. All proteins were used for feature selection to build predictive models of radiation exposure using different sample and sex-specific cohorts. Both binary (prediction of any radiation exposure) and multidose (prediction of specific radiation dose) model series were developed using either female and male samples combined or only female or only male samples. The binary series (models 1, 2 and 3) and multidose series (models 4, 5 and 6) included female/male combined, female only and male only respectively. Detectable values were obtained for all similar to 7,000 proteins included in the SomaScan assay for all samples. Each model algorithm built using a unique sample cohort was validated with a training set of samples and tested with a separate new sample series. Overall predictive accuracies in the binary model series was similar to 100% at the model training level, and when tested with fresh samples, 97.9% for model 1 (female and male) and 100% for model 2 (female only) and model 3 (male only). When sex-specific models 2 and 3 were tested with the opposite sex, the overall predictive accuracy rate dropped to 62.5% for model 2 and remained 100% for model 3. The overall predictive accuracy rate in the multidose model series was 100% for all models at the model training level and, when tested with fresh samples, 83.3%, 75% and 83.3% for Multidose models 4-6, respectively. When sex-specific model 5 (female only) and model 6 (male only) were tested with the opposite sex, the overall predictive accuracy rate dropped to 52.1% and 68.8%, respectively. These models represent novel predictive panels of radiation-responsive proteomic biomarkers and illustrate the utility and necessity of considering sex-specific differences in development of radiation biodosimetry prediction algorithms. As sex-specific differences were observed in this study, and as use of point-of-care radiation diagnostics in future mass casualty settings will necessarily include persons of both sexes, consideration of sex-specific variation is essential to ensure these diagnostic tools have practical utility in the field. (c) 2024 by Radiation Research Society
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the comparison of novel proteomic expression profiles for radiation exposure in male and female C57BL6 mice. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are mice, not older people, and the study focuses on radiation exposure and biodosimetry, not exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Srivaranun, S., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    A novel combined experimental-machine learning approach to estimate the probabilistic capacity of RC beams with spatially correlated rebar corrosion in transverse and longitudinal directions.
[Journal]  ENGINEERING STRUCTURES 279.
[Abstract] Chloride-induced corrosion of tensile rebars in reinforced concrete (RC) structures causes cracking in the concrete surface along corroded rebars. The width of these cracks could provide valuable information for estimating the amount of steel weight loss inside concrete beams. However, an experimental investigation revealed that the distribution of cracks in RC beams with multiple rebars was affected not only by pressure from the corrosion expansion of the corresponding rebar but also from that of adjacent rebars. This leads to a highly complex nonlinear relationship between crack width and amount of steel corrosion. In this study, a novel combined experimental-machine learning approach is developed to estimate steel corrosion distributions in RC beams. This procedure applies generative adversarial networks (GANs) to consider the effects of spatially correlated rebar corrosion in transverse and longitudinal directions. A pix2pix network is trained by the distributions of a dataset of steel weight loss that is generated based on random field theory with the statistical parameters identified using the experimental evidence and the distributions of a dataset of corrosion crack widths constructed using finite element (FE) analysis. Subsequently, the probability density function (PDF) of the flexural capacity for corroded RC beams is obtained using Monte Carlo-based FE analysis. A case study investigating the effect of the distributions of observed crack widths on the PDF of the flexural capacity for aging RC beams with spatially correlated rebar corrosion in transverse and longitudinal directions is presented.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about estimating the probabilistic capacity of reinforced concrete (RC) beams with rebar corrosion using a combined experimental-machine learning approach. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any form of intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus is on structural engineering and the use of machine learning to predict the capacity of RC beams.

[Author]   Staiano, A. E., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    A randomized controlled trial of dance exergaming for exercise training in overweight and obese adolescent girls.
[Journal]  PEDIATRIC OBESITY 12(2): 120-128.
[Abstract] BackgroundStructured exergaming with prescribed moderate intensity physical activity has reduced adiposity among adolescents. The extent to which adolescents reduce adiposity when allowed to self-select intensity level is not known.ObjectiveThe objective of the study was to examine the influence of exergaming on adolescent girls' body composition and cardiovascular risk factors.MethodsThis randomized controlled trial assigned 41 overweight and obese girls aged 14 to 18years to group-based dance exergaming (36h over 3months) or to a self-directed care control condition. Body size and composition were measured by anthropometry, dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry [%fat and bone mineral density {BMD}] and magnetic resonance imaging. Cardiovascular risk factors included blood pressure, cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose and insulin.ResultsAttrition was 5%. Using analysis of covariance controlling for baseline value, age and race, there were no significant condition differences. Per protocol (attended >75%), the intervention group significantly decreased abdominal subcutaneous adiposity and increased trunk and spine BMD (ps<0.05). Per protocol (>2600 steps/session), the intervention group significantly decreased leg %fat and decreased abdominal subcutaneous and total adiposity (ps<0.05).ConclusionExergaming reduced body fat and increased BMD among those adolescent girls who adhered. Further research is required before exergaming is recommended in clinical settings.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of exergames for exercise training in overweight and obese adolescent girls, not in older people. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for targeting older people to prevent falls.

[Author]   Standen, P., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Patients' Use of a Home-Based Virtual Reality System to Provide Rehabilitation of the Upper Limb Following Stroke.
[Journal]  PHYSICAL THERAPY 95(3): 350-359.
[Abstract] Background. A low-cost virtual reality system that translates movements of the hand, fingers, and thumb into game play was designed to provide a flexible and motivating approach to increasing adherence to home-based rehabilitation.Objective. Effectiveness depends on adherence, so did patients use the intervention to the recommended level? If not, what reasons did they give? The purpose of this study was to investigate these and related questions.Design. A prospective cohort study, plus qualitative analysis of interviews, was conducted.Methods. Seventeen patients recovering from stroke recruited to the intervention arm of a feasibility trial had the equipment left in their homes for 8 weeks and were advised to use it 3 times a day for periods of no more than 20 minutes. Frequency and duration of use were automatically recorded. At the end of the intervention, participants were interviewed to determine barriers to using it in the recommended way.Results. Duration of use and how many days they used the equipment are presented for the 13 participants who successfully started the intervention. These figures were highly variable and could fall far short of our recommendations. There was a weak positive correlation between duration and baseline reported activities of daily living. Participants reported lack of familiarity with technology and competing commitments as barriers to use, although they appreciated the flexibility of the intervention and found it motivating.Limitations. The small sample size limits the conclusions that can be drawn.Conclusions. Level of use is variable and can fall far short of recommendations. Competing commitments were a barrier to use of the equipment, but participants reported that the intervention was flexible and motivating. It will not suit everyone, but some participants recorded high levels of use. Implications for practice are discussed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a home-based virtual reality system for upper limb rehabilitation in patients recovering from stroke. While it involves a form of exergame (virtual reality), the target population is not specifically elderly, and the focus is on post-stroke rehabilitation rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the study design is a prospective cohort study, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Stanley, J. and M. Hollands (2014). 
[Title]    A novel video-based paradigm to study the mechanisms underlying age- and falls risk-related differences in gaze behaviour during walking.
[Journal]  OPHTHALMIC AND PHYSIOLOGICAL OPTICS 34(4): 459-469.
[Abstract] Purpose: The current study aimed to quantitatively assess differences in gaze behaviour between participants grouped on the basis of their age and measures of functional mobility during a virtual walking paradigm.Methods: The gaze behaviour of nine young adults, seven older adults with a relatively low risk of falling and seven older adults with a relatively higher risk of falling was measured while they watched five first-person perspective movies representing the viewpoint of a pedestrian walking through various environments. Participants also completed a number of cognitive tests: Stroop task, visual search, trail making task, Mini Mental Status Examination, and reaction time, visual tests (visual acuity and contrast sensitivity) and assessments of balance (Activities Balance Confidence Scale and Berg Balance Scale) to aid in the interpretation of differences in gaze behaviour.Results: The high risk older adult group spent significantly more time fixating aspects of the travel path than the low risk and young adult groups. High risk older adults were also significantly slower in performing a number of the cognitive tasks than young adults. Correlations were conducted to compare the extent to which travel path fixation durations co-varied with scores on the tests of visual search, motor, and cognitive function. A positive significant correlation was found between the speed of response to the incongruent Stroop task and travel path fixation duration r(21) = 0.44, p < 0.05.Conclusions: The results indicate that our movie-viewing paradigm can identify differences in gaze behaviour between participants grouped on the basis of their age and measures of functional mobility and that these differences are associated with cognitive decline.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it involves older adults and a virtual walking paradigm, the study is focused on assessing gaze behavior and cognitive function rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Stanmore, E., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Exergames for falls prevention in sheltered homes: a feasibility study.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PUBLIC HEALTH 12.
[Abstract] Introduction Falls prevention is a global priority given its substantial impact on older adults and cost to healthcare systems. Advances in telerehabilitation technology such as `exergaming' show potential for delivering accessible, engaging exercise programs for older adults. This study aimed to establish the feasibility, acceptability and usability of exergaming in sheltered housing.Methods A mixed-methods study with participants randomised in 2 sheltered housing facilities to intervention (n = 1 home, 12 participants) and control (n = 1 home 2, 12 participants) provided usual care for all, (physiotherapy prescribed strength and balance exercises and falls prevention advice) and a 6-week supervised exergaming programme (MIRA) offered 3 times per week to the intervention group only. At 6 weeks, feasibility, usability and acceptability outcomes were collected and analysed using descriptive statistics; qualitative focus groups with participants and interviews with staff were also completed and thematically analysed to elicit barriers and facilitators to usability and acceptability.Results Mean exercise per week increased from 10.6 to 14.1 minutes in the control group and 9.6 to 36.8 minutes in the intervention group. All study processes and measures appeared feasible; 72% of those invited consented to taking part and 92% completed 6-week follow-up. Individual domains for the System Usability Scores (SUS) showed participants felt `very confident' using the system with support (70%), would `like to use exergames frequently' (50%) and found the system `easy to use' (90%). However, they also felt they `needed to learn a lot at the beginning' (40%) and would `need technical support' (70%) for independent use of the exergames. Mean overall SUS was 63 reflecting moderate usability for independent use. Qualitative data indicated exergames were well received and highlighted motivational and social aspects; costs and set up. Staff also felt exergaming complemented traditional care.Discussion Our study contributes to the evidence guiding the use of exergames to deliver suitable falls prevention interventions for older adults within sheltered housing in community settings.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a feasibility study, which is explicitly mentioned in the title and abstract. According to the criteria, papers related to feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, this paper does not meet the required criteria.

[Author]   Stavropoulos, V., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    A multilevel longitudinal study of experiencing virtual presence in adolescence: the role of anxiety and openness to experience in the classroom.
[Journal]  BEHAVIOUR & INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 36(5): 524-539.
[Abstract] Presence describes the feeling of reality and immersion that users of virtual/Internet environments have. Importantly, it has been suggested that there are individual and contextual differences regarding susceptibility to presence. These aspects of presence have been linked to both beneficial and disadvantageous uses of the Internet, such as online therapeutic applications and addictive Internet behaviours. In the present study, presence was studied in relation to individual anxiety symptoms and classroom-level openness to experience (OTE) using a normative sample of 648 adolescents aged between 16 and 18 years. Presence was assessed with the Presence II questionnaire, anxiety symptoms with the relevant subscales of the SCL-90-R, and OTE with the Five-Factor Questionnaire. A three-level hierarchical linear model was calculated. Results showed that experiencing presence in virtual environments dropped between the ages of 16 and 18 years. Additionally, although anxiety symptoms were associated with higher presence at 16 years, this association decreased with age. Results also demonstrated that adolescents in classrooms higher on OTE reported reduced level of experiencing presence. The practical and theoretical implications of these findings are discussed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the experience of virtual presence in adolescents and its relationship with anxiety and openness to experience in a classroom setting. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or including randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Stecka, A. M., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    The use of a virtual patient to follow changes in arterial blood gases associated with therapeutic thoracentesis.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ARTIFICIAL ORGANS 41(11): 690-697.
[Abstract] Purposes: Some controversies exist on the effect of therapeutic thoracentesis (TT) on arterial blood oxygen tension. The aim of this study was to evaluate this issue using a previously developed virtual patient. Methods: The analysis was based and supported by clinical data collected during 36 TT. Pleural pressure and transcutaneous oxygen and carbon dioxide pressures (PtcO(2) and PtcCO(2)) were measured during pleural fluid withdrawal. Arterial blood oxygen tension and arterial CO2 tension (PaO2 and PaCO2) were analysed in simulations that mimicked TT. Minute ventilation was adjusted to maintain arterial CO2 tension at a constant level unless arterial blood oxygen tension fell below 8 kPa. Specifically, the influence of hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction efficiency was tested. Results: In patients, PtcCO(2) remained at an approximately constant level (average amplitude: 0.63 +/- 0.29 kPa), while some fluctuations of PtcO2 were observed (amplitude: (1.65 +/- 1.18 kPa) were observed. In 42% of patients, TT was associated with decrease in PtcCO(2). Simulations showed the following: (a) there were similar PaO2 fluctuations in the virtual patient; (b) the lower the hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction efficiency, the more pronounced the PaO2 fall during fluid withdrawal; and (c) the lower the atelectatic lung areas recruitment rate, the slower the PaO2 normalization. The decrease in PaO2 was caused by an increase of pulmonary shunt. Conclusion: Therapeutic thoracentesis may cause both an increase and a decrease in PaO2 during the procedure. Pleural pressure decrease, caused by pleural fluid withdrawal, improves the perfusion of atelectatic lung areas. If the rate of recruitment of these areas is low, a lack of ventilation causes the arterial blood oxygen tension to fall. Effective hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction may protect against the pulmonary shunt.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the use of a virtual patient to evaluate changes in arterial blood gases associated with therapeutic thoracentesis, which is unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Steeby, E. (2019). 
[Title]    THE CULT OF THE AMERICAN SNIPER IN THE AGE OF THE IMPERIAL SECURITY STATE.
[Journal]  INTERVENTIONS-INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF POSTCOLONIAL STUDIES 21(6): 803-820.
[Abstract] This essay analyzes the cult of the American sniper, a figure associated with "covert ops", atomized violence, and the surprise element of targeted shots fired at long range, as key to the militarization of modern life in the imperial security state. I examine some of the countless books, video games, and websites devoted to teaching civilians how to "shoot like a sniper", with a "warrior attitude", urging citizen-soldiers to "remember: complacency kills". Building on the recent work of Inderpal Grewal, Matthew Thomas Payne, and others, this essay explores the sniper as a fetishized "man as machine" imperial technology, the cyborg analog of the drone in many respects. Recent movies like American Sniper and television series such as Homeland humanize the white male American sniper at the expense of racialized others, particularly Arab and African American characters. However, the position and power of the American sniper has not only been taken up by those who seek to enact white imperial hypermasculine patriarchy; the American sniper has a more complex genealogy that has also been imagined and enacted by African Americans and racial, ethnic, and religious others who turn the state's weapons back on itself. The sniper, like all killing technologies and militarized subjectivities, cannot be fully contained, controlled, or deployed. I consider examples of counter-hegemonic sniping (both imagined and made manifest), with particular interest in the politicized "blow back" of those cultural workers and veterans of colour in the late twentieth and early twenty-first-centuries who trained critique and/or their weapons on local police officers. As we demystify and deconstruct the cult of the American sniper, we come to understand the fallibility, the vulnerability, and the volatility - the insecurity - at the heart of the white supremacist empire and the security state.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The content of the abstract focuses on the cultural and political implications of the "American sniper" figure, particularly in the context of militarization and the security state. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or conducting randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Stehouwer, N., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Development and Validation of a Teaching Module for Echocardiographic Scoring of Rheumatic Mitral Stenosis.
[Journal]  GLOBAL HEART 13(2): 105-111.
[Abstract] Background: The Wilkins score and commissural calcification scores predict outcomes after percutaneous balloon mitral valvuloplasty. However, many cardiologists are inadequately trained in their application-both in the United States where the incidence of rheumatic heart disease has fallen and in rheumatic heart disease endemic countries where training infrastructure is weak.Objectives: This study sought to develop a computer-based educational module teaching 2 scoring systems for rheumatic mitral stenosis and to validate the module among cardiology fellows in the United States and Uganda.Methods: We developed a module organized into 3 sets of 10 echocardiograms each. The module was completed by 13 cardiology fellows from 2 academic centers in the United States and 1 in Uganda. Subject answers were compared with a score assigned by 2 experts in echocardiography. The primary outcome was change in subjects' accuracy from set 1 to set 3, measured by mean absolute deviation from expert scores. Secondary outcomes included change in interoperator variability and individual subject bias from set 1 to set 3.Results: The mean absolute deviations from expert scores in sets 1 and 3 were 2.09 and 1.82 for the Wilkins score (possible score range 0 to 16) and 1.13 and 0.94 for the commissural calcification score (possible score range 0 to 4). The change from set 1 to set 3 was statistically significant only for 1 of the Wilkins component scores (leaflet calcification, p < 0.001.) No change was seen in the interoperator variability. Individual subject bias in assigning the total Wilkins score was reduced from set 1 to set 3.Conclusions: Use of this module has the potential to enhance the training of cardiologists in the echocardiographic assessment of mitral stenosis. Modified versions of this module or similar ones should be tested in targeted populations of cardiology trainees with the most exposure to mitral stenosis interventions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and validation of a teaching module for echocardiographic scoring of rheumatic mitral stenosis. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a computer-based educational module, and the target population is cardiology fellows, not older people. Additionally, the study focuses on improving the accuracy of echocardiographic scoring rather than preventing falls.

[Author]   Steininger, V., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Customer-centric aging simulation for 48 V lithium-ion batteries in vehicle applications.
[Journal]  ETRANSPORTATION 16.
[Abstract] In the automotive industry, a battery management system's state prediction algorithms can change during the development cycle of a car. Monitored aggregated customer data thus includes inconsistent state of health values which have been generated by different algorithms. To facilitate comparability over the collected data, databased models can be trained on selected input variables to provide reference state of health values. This study aims to generate virtual customer driving data of mild-hybrid electric vehicles using automotive simulation models and stochastic customer driving profiles in order to establish a simulation database for model training purposes on one hand and to conduct lifetime simulations for new vehicles in the market on the other. Mapping algorithms between load profile libraries and derived statistical features from a field customer database ensure a realistic representation of individual customer driving behavior. We validated our toolchain using collected trip data from a testing fleet and checked for statistical plausibility of the simulation data. Moreover, lifetime simulation results of selected customers show significant differences in aging implications due to individual driving behavior and environmental conditions. Therefore, during a 10-year simulation, the average aging rate per driven kilometer of an Asian customer is about 33% higher compared to a European customer.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on the simulation of battery aging in 48 V lithium-ion batteries used in mild-hybrid electric vehicles, and it does not meet any of the criteria for the use of exergames in fall prevention.

[Author]   Stockdale, L. A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Infants' physiological responses to emotionally salient media with links to parent and child, empathy, prosocial behaviors and media use.
[Journal]  COMPUTERS IN HUMAN BEHAVIOR 139.
[Abstract] Infants engage in prosocial behaviors from very young ages and their prosocial behavior is clearly present by the second year of life. Physiological regulation has been related to infants' emerging prosocial behavior, with in-fants with better regulatory skills displaying increased prosocial behavior. Media use and media content has also been related to infants emerging prosocial behavior. The current study examined individual differences in in-fants' vagal regulation (as physiological marker of regulatory skills, N = 269) while engaging with emotionally salient media and how individual differences in vagal regulation were related to parental and child empathy, prosocial behavior, and media use. The study included parent-infant dyads co-viewing a brief educational but emotionally salient video clip, an observational prosocial sticker and sharing tasks, and parental reports of in-fants' prosocial media use, empathy, and parents' own prosocial media use, prosocial behavior, and empathy. Most infants displayed an increase in RSA while co-viewing the media clip relative to a neutral baseline. Infants with higher RSA (a sign of better regulation) during co-viewing displayed more prosocial behavior in the sticker and pen drop tasks, were rated as more empathic, and had primary caregivers who engaged with more prosocial media than infants who showed a decrease in RSA (e.g., more immature regulatory skills) during co-viewing. Results suggest the importance of vagal regulation in the presence of others' emotions for infants emerging prosocial behavior. Results also suggest that parents' own prosocial media viewing may indirectly influence on the way infants' respond physiologically to others' emotions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about infants' physiological responses to emotionally salient media and its relation to empathy, prosocial behaviors, and media use. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study design does not include a randomized controlled trial focused on the specified criteria.

[Author]   Stone, E. E. and M. Skubic (2015). 
[Title]    Fall Detection in Homes of Older Adults Using the Microsoft Kinect.
[Journal]  IEEE JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATICS 19(1): 290-301.
[Abstract] A method for detecting falls in the homes of older adults using the Microsoft Kinect and a two-stage fall detection system is presented. The first stage of the detection system characterizes a person's vertical state in individual depth image frames, and then segments on ground events from the vertical state time series obtained by tracking the person over time. The second stage uses an ensemble of decision trees to compute a confidence that a fall preceded on a ground event. Evaluation was conducted in the actual homes of older adults, using a combined nine years of continuous data collected in 13 apartments. The dataset includes 454 falls, 445 falls performed by trained stunt actors and nine naturally occurring resident falls. The extensive data collection allows for characterization of system performance under real-world conditions to a degree that has not been shown in other studies. Cross validation results are included for standing, sitting, and lying down positions, near (within 4 m) versus far fall locations, and occluded versus not occluded fallers. The method is compared against five state-of-the-art fall detection algorithms and significantly better results are achieved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using the Microsoft Kinect for fall detection in older adults, not for preventing falls through exergames. The intervention described is a fall detection system, which does not meet the criteria of being an exergame. Additionally, the focus is on the performance and accuracy of the detection system rather than a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Stow, J., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Lessons learned developing and piloting interprofessional handover simulations for paramedic, nursing, and physiotherapy students.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF INTERPROFESSIONAL CARE 31(1): 132-135.
[Abstract] Interprofessional education is an important element in the preparation of healthcare students who can communicate effectively and work collaboratively. A grant from Health Workforce Australia funded a shared nursing, paramedicine, and physiotherapy simulation suite and a staff member dedicated to interprofessional simulation, with the aim of increasing high fidelity simulation within and across the three professions. This article describes the development process and pilot testing of four purpose-designed interprofessional handover scenarios for paramedic, nursing, and physiotherapy students. The scenarios tracked an elderly patient (manikin) with a fractured neck of femur from pre-hospital to postoperative assessment and handover. The National League of Nursing Simulation Design Scale was used to evaluate the scenarios. Students' feedback indicated they considered the simulations to be relevant to their practice, with a high level of fidelity. This study re-emphasises the importance of pilot testing simulations before use in large-scale studies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and piloting interprofessional handover simulations for paramedic, nursing, and physiotherapy students. It does not meet the criteria for using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a simulation for training healthcare students, not an exergame, and it does not focus on preventing falls in older people.

[Author]   Strouwen, C., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Dual tasking in Parkinson's disease: should we train hazardous behavior?
[Journal]  EXPERT REVIEW OF NEUROTHERAPEUTICS 15(9): 1031-1039.
[Abstract] Dual-task (DT) circumstances aggravate gait disorders in Parkinson's disease (PD) and are associated with an increased risk of falling and reduced functional mobility. Clinical rehabilitation guidelines for PD consider DT interventions as potentially hazardous and recommend avoiding them in daily life. The current article challenges this notion and addresses the necessity of implementing DT training in PD. First, underlying reasons for DT interference in PD and current theoretical models are discussed. Subsequently, different training approaches to tackle DT difficulties are put forward. Finally, the effectiveness and limitations of DT training in PD are reviewed. We conclude that there is a need for DT interventions in PD and recommend randomized, power-based studies to further test their efficacy.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper discusses dual-task (DT) training in Parkinson's disease and its potential benefits, but it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames. The intervention discussed is DT training, which is not an exergame. Additionally, the paper does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial; instead, it reviews different training approaches and recommends further studies. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Student, J., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Visual Perturbation Suggests Increased Effort to Maintain Balance in Early Stages of Parkinson's to be an Effect of Age Rather Than Disease.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN HUMAN NEUROSCIENCE 16.
[Abstract] Postural instability marks a prevalent symptom of Parkinson's disease (PD). It often manifests in increased body sway, which is commonly assessed by tracking the Center of Pressure (CoP). Yet, in terms of postural control, the body's Center of Mass (CoM), and not CoP is what is regulated in a gravitational field. The aim of this study was to explore the effect of early- to mid-stage PD on these measures of postural control in response to unpredictable visual perturbations. We investigated three cohorts: (i) 18 patients with early to mid-stage PD [Hoehn & Yahr stage (1-3); 1.94 +/- 0.70]; (ii) a group of 15 age-matched controls (ECT); and (iii) a group of 12 young healthy adults (YCT). Participants stood on a force plate to track their CoP, while the movement of their entire body was recorded with a video-based motion tracking system to monitor their CoM. A moving room paradigm was applied through a head-mounted virtual reality headset. The stimulus consisted of a virtual tunnel that stretched in the anterior-posterior direction which either remained static or moved back and forth in an unpredictable fashion.We found differences in mean sway amplitude (MSA) and mean velocities of CoP and CoM between the groups under both conditions, with higher MSA of CoP and CoM for PD and higher mean velocities of both variables for PD and ECT when compared with YCT. Visual perturbation increased mean CoP velocity in all groups but did not have effects on mean CoM velocity or MSA. While being significantly lower for the young adults, the net effect of visual perturbation on mean CoP velocity was similar between patients with PD and age-matched controls. There was no effect of the visual perturbation on mean CoM velocity for any of the groups.Our simultaneous assessment of CoP and CoM revealed that postural control is reflected differently in CoM and CoP. As the motion of CoM remained mostly unaffected, all groups successfully counteracted the perturbation and maintained their balance. Higher CoP velocity for PD and ECT revealed increased corrective motion needed to achieve this, which however was similar in both groups. Thus, our results suggest increased effort, expressed in CoP velocity, to be an effect of age rather than disease in earlier stages of PD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study involves older adults and uses a virtual reality headset, it is focused on investigating the effects of visual perturbation on postural control in patients with Parkinson's disease and age-matched controls, rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Stull, J. D., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Economic Burden of Inpatient Admission of Ankle Fractures.
[Journal]  FOOT & ANKLE INTERNATIONAL 38(9): 997-1004.
[Abstract] Background: Ankle fractures are among the most prevalent traumatic orthopaedic injuries. A large proportion of patients sustaining operative ankle fractures are admitted directly from the emergency department prior to operative management. In the authors' experience, however, many closed ankle injuries may be safely and effectively managed on an outpatient basis. The aim of this study was to characterize the economic impact of routine inpatient admission of ankle fractures.Methods: A retrospective review of all outpatient ankle fracture surgery performed by a single foot and ankle fellowship-trained surgeon at a tertiary level academic center in 2012 was conducted to identify any patients requiring postoperative inpatient admission. The National Inpatient Sample was queried for operative management of lateral malleolus, bimalleolar, and trimalleolar ankle fractures in 2012 with regard to national estimates of total volume and length of stay by age. The maximum allowable Medicare inpatient facility reimbursements for diagnosis related group 494 and Medicare outpatient facility reimbursements for Current Procedural Terminology codes 27792, 27814, and 27822 were obtained from the Medicare Acute Inpatient Prospective Pricer and the Medicare Outpatient Pricer Code, respectively. Private facility reimbursement rates were estimated at 139% of inpatient Medicare reimbursement and 280% of outpatient reimbursement, as described in the literature. Surgeon and anesthesiologist fees were considered similar between both inpatient and outpatient groups. A unique stochastic decision-tree model was derived from probabilities and associated costs and evaluated using modified Monte Carlo simulation.Results: Of 76 lateral malleolar, bimalleolar, and trimalleolar ankle fracture open reduction internal fixation cases performed in 2012 by the senior author, 9 patients required admission for polytrauma, medical comorbidities, or age. All 67 outpatients were discharged home the day of surgery. In the 2012 national cohort analyzed, 48,044 estimated inpatient admissions occurred postoperatively for closed ankle fractures. The median length of stay was 3 days for each admission and was associated with an estimated facility reimbursement ranging from $12,920 for Medicare reimbursement of lateral malleolus fractures to $18,613 for private reimbursement of trimalleolar fractures. Outpatient facility reimbursements per case were estimated at $4,125 for Medicare patients and $11,459 for private insurance patients. Nationally, annual inpatient admissions accounted for $796,033,050 in reimbursements, while outpatient surgery would have been associated with $419,327,612 for treatment of these same ankle fractures.Conclusion: In the authors' experience, closed lateral malleolus, bimalleolar, and trimalleolar fractures were safely and effectively treated on an outpatient basis. Routine perioperative admission of patients sustaining ankle fractures likely results in more than $367 million of excess facility reimbursements annually in the United States. Even if a 25% necessary admission rate were assumed, routine inpatient admission of ankle fractures would result in a $282 million excess economic burden annually in the United States. Although in certain cases, inpatient admission may be necessary, with value-based decision making becoming increasingly the responsibility of the orthopaedic surgeon, understanding the implications of inpatient stays for ankle fracture surgery can ultimately result in cost savings to the US health care system and patients individually.Level of Evidence: Level III, comparative series.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the economic burden of inpatient admission for ankle fractures and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the cost implications of inpatient versus outpatient treatment for ankle fractures, and it does not discuss any interventions involving exergames or target older people specifically for fall prevention.

[Author]   Su, Z., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Predicting flower induction of litchi (Litchi chinensis Sonn.) with machine learning techniques.
[Journal]  COMPUTERS AND ELECTRONICS IN AGRICULTURE 205.
[Abstract] The flower induction is a critical physiological change during which vegetative buds transit to floral buds. The duration of flower induction (DFI) for litchi plays determinative role for the success and the quality of flowering. It is hard to be reliably predicted because multiple factors including ages of trees, variety and dynamically environmental and climate variables have important impacts. Here we predicted the DFI for four litchi varieties using random forest (RF) implicit and stepwise regression (STR) explicit machine learning models. These models were trained and validated from the data consisting phenological phases from the mature of the last autumn shoots to the flower shedding, and the corresponding meteorological factors from 2009 to 2020. The DFI predictive models consider timescales from 1 h up to 10 days, and the determination coefficients from the 5-fold cross validation achieves 0.96 to 0.99. The high accuracy was maintained in the blind test, with the determination coefficients of 0.97-0.98 for the data in 2019 and 0.78-0.88 for 2020. The reliability is still sufficient to
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about predicting the flower induction of litchi using machine learning techniques. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Suarez-Iglesias, D., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Effects of Videogaming on the Physical, Mental Health, and Cognitive Function of People with Intellectual Disability: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 10(5): 295-313.
[Abstract] Videogames have been applied to improve health-related outcomes in people with intellectual disabilities (ID). For this purpose, it seems necessary to make available the best scientific information concerning the feasibility and potential benefits of playing videogames within this population. This study aimed to systematically review the existing scientific evidence regarding the effects of videogaming on the physical and mental health of people with ID. Following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines, a literature search was performed using MEDLINE/PubMed, PEDro, SPORTDiscus, and Scopus up to June 2020. The Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro) scale was used to rate the methodological quality of the included investigations. A total of 17 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were selected. Data synthesis examined physical health, including anthropometrics, physical fitness, and motor skills, and mental health and cognitive function. Intervention protocols were based on videogames of different nature (i.e., exergames and computerized cognitive training) and showed substantial heterogeneity in duration. Session length varied from 15 to 60 minutes. Five studies achieved a high intervention adherence rate, whereas a low drop-out rate was reported in eight RCTs. Videogaming is a useful therapy for improving physical and cognitive function in people with ID. Exergaming seems to be an interesting physical intervention for increasing fitness and motor skill levels, while sedentary videogaming has shown potential for stimulating cognitive function. Further research to analyze its feasibility and its impact on body composition and mental health is needed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review of randomized controlled trials that examines the effects of videogaming, including exergames and computerized cognitive training, on the physical, mental health, and cognitive function of people with intellectual disabilities. While it does mention exergames, the primary focus is not on preventing falls in the elderly, and the target population is people with intellectual disabilities, not older people. Additionally, the paper is a systematic review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report original data from a single randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Subramaniam, S. and T. Bhatt (2019). 
[Title]    Dance-based exergaming for upper extremity rehabilitation and reducing fall-risk in community-dwelling individuals with chronic stroke. A preliminary study.
[Journal]  TOPICS IN STROKE REHABILITATION 26(8): 565-575.
[Abstract] Background: Post-stroke, individuals demonstrate persistent upper extremity (UE) motor impairments that impact functional movements and change-in-support strategies essential for recovery from postural instability. OBJECTIVES: This study primarily aims to quantify the effect of dance-based exergaming (DBExG) intervention on improving paretic UE movement control. The secondary aim is to assess if these improvements in UE movement control if observed, could partially account for improved fall-risk. Methods: Thirteen adults with chronic stroke received DBExG training using the commercially available Kinect dance gaming ?Just Dance 3?. Surface electromyography of shoulder muscle activity during the stand-reaching task and UE shoulder kinematics for a dance trial were recorded. Changes in balance control were determined using the Activities-specific Balance Confidence scale [ABC] and Timed-Up-and-Go test [TUG]. Results: Post-training, participants demonstrated improvements in shoulder muscle activity in the form of performance (reaction time, burst duration, and movement time) and production outcomes (peak acceleration) (p <?.05). There was also a post-training increase in shoulder joint excursion (Ex) and peak joint angles (?) during dance trials (p <?.05). Participants exhibited positive post-intervention correlations between ABC and shoulder joint Ex [R-2 of 0.43 (p <?.05)] and between TUG and peak joint ? [R-2 of 0.51 (p <?.05)]. CONCLUSION: Findings demonstrated the beneficial effect of DBExG for improving UE movement and the training-induced gains were also positively correlated with improvements in fall-risk measures in people with chronic stroke. Thus, DBEx training could be used as a meaningful clinical application for this population group.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of dance-based exergaming for upper extremity rehabilitation and reducing fall-risk in community-dwelling individuals with chronic stroke. While it does involve an exergame and includes some measures related to fall-risk, the primary target population is individuals with chronic stroke, not specifically older people. Additionally, the study is a preliminary study, and it is not clear if it is a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Subramaniam, S., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Dance-based exergaming on postural stability and kinematics in people with chronic stroke - A preliminary study.
[Journal]  PHYSIOTHERAPY THEORY AND PRACTICE 38(13): 2714-2726.
[Abstract] Introduction The study evaluated the feasibility, and compliance of a dance-based exergaming (DBExG) on postural stability (PS) and lower extremity (LE) kinematics, along with post-intervention changes in gait function and falls self-efficacy in people with chronic stroke (PwCS). Methods Fifteen PwCS underwent DBExG for six weeks using Kinect "Just Dance 3." Pre- to post- changes were recorded during DBExG assessment on a fast-paced song (130 bpm) using an 8-camera motion capture system to assess PS (center of mass [CoM] excursions [EXs] in the anterior-posterior [AP] and mediolateral [ML] directions) and LE kinematics (hip, knee, and ankle joint angle EXs). Gait function was also assessed with gait parameters, such as gait speed, cadence, and gait symmetry on an electronic walkway. Falls self-efficacy was recorded with Falls Efficacy Scale (FES). Results The AP and ML CoM EXs and paretic joint angle EXs significantly increased pre- to post- DBExG assessment (p < .05). Gait parameters, and falls self-efficacy measures significantly changed pre- to post- DBExG (p < .05). Conclusions Results exhibited the feasibility of the proposed DBExG for positively impacting postural stability, and kinematics, along with increasing gait function and falls self-efficacy among PwCS.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of dance-based exergaming to improve postural stability, lower extremity kinematics, gait function, and falls self-efficacy in people with chronic stroke. While the intervention involves an exergame and measures related to falls, the target population is people with chronic stroke, not specifically elderly individuals. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Subramaniam, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effect of a customized safety harness on movement kinematics in a dance-based exergaming among people with chronic stroke.
[Journal]  CLINICAL BIOMECHANICS 111.
[Abstract] Background: Dance-based exergaming has exhibited efficacy in people with chronic stroke, it is beneficial to advance towards independent self-training to increase long-term compliance, and cost effectiveness through safety harness devices. Thus, the purpose of the study was to investigate people with chronic stroke's dancemovement kinematics to different types of assistance, namely no assistance, safety harness assistance, and contact guard assistance with gait belt.Methods: Community-dwelling people with chronic stroke (n = 10) participated in the study. Seven inertial sensors were used to capture their dance movements with three songs slow, medium, and fast pace. Three trials were recorded for each dance and the mean values of variables were used for analysis. A customized MATLAB code generated joint angle excursions (difference between the maximum and minimum angle peaks) of the hip, knee, and ankle in the sagittal plane.Findings: The results exhibited decreased joint angle excursions in no assistance condition in comparison to safety harness assistance and contact guard assistance conditions for all song paces (p < 0.05). The safety harness, and contact guard assistance condition exhibited similar levels of joint angle excursions for the all the conditions, except significantly higher hip (slow, and fast pace) (p < 0.05), and ankle (medium pace) (p < 0.05) joint angle excursions in contact guard assistance in comparison to safety harness assistance.Interpretation: The study represents the joint angle excursions that are influenced by different conditions in chronic stroke. Future studies, should evaluate feasibility of safety harness augmented dance-based exergaming in home-setting among chronic stroke.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effect of a customized safety harness on movement kinematics in dance-based exergaming among people with chronic stroke, rather than on preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study does not specifically target older people, and it does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Sui, Y., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    A clinical research of transcranial direct current stimulation combined with virtual reality on upper limb function in patients with ischemic stroke.
[Journal]  Chinese Journal of Cerebrovascular Diseases 19(12): 801-808.
[Abstract] Objective To investigate the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) combined with virtual reality (VR) -based upper limb rehabilitation robot on the recovery of upper limb motor function after ischemic stroke. Methods A total of 44 inpatients in the Rehabilitation Center of Changzhou Dean Hospital from June 2021 to June 2022 were prospectively enrolled. According to the block random method, they were randomly divided into the experimental group and the control group,with 4 cases falling off during the treatment (2 cases in the experimental group and 2 cases in the control group). There were 20 patients in each group left eventually. All patients in both groups received basic drug therapy and conventional rehabilitation therapy. In addition,the experimental group received synchronous intervention of tDCS combined with VR-based upper limb rehabilitation robot,while the control group received synchronous intervention of sham tDCS combined with VR-based upper limb rehabilitation robot. The frequency of synchronous intervention in two groups was 20 min/d,5 d/week,lasting for 3 weeks. We evaluated the motor function of the paretic upper limb by Fugl-Meyer assessment upper limb scale (FMA-UL),action research arm test (ARAT) and the activities of daily life (ADL) by modified Barthel index (MBI) before and after the intervention respectively. Results (1) There were no significant differences in sex,age,course of disease,and hemiplegic side between the two groups (all P > 0.05). (2) Before treatment,FMA-UL scores of the experimental group and the control group were (32 15) and (33 17), respectively. After 3 weeks of treatment,the FMA-UL scores of the experimental group and the control group were (48 15) and (38 18),respectively. Comparing the FMA-UL scores of the two groups before and after treatment,the difference in the interaction effect of group and time was statistically significant (F = 22.24,P < 0.01). The difference in the main effect of time was statistically significant (P < 0.01), and the difference in the main effect of group was not statistically significant (P > 0.05). Before treatment, there was no significant difference in FMA-UL scores between the two groups (P > 0.05). After 3 weeks of treatment,the FMA-UL scores of the two groups were better than those before treatment in the same group, and the differences were statistically significant (both P < 0.01). (3) Before treatment,ARAT scores of the experimental group and the control group were (3.7 2.2) and (3.8 2.6),respectively. After 3 weeks of treatment,ARAT scores of the experimental group and the control group were (5.4 2.1) and (4.4 2.6),respectively. Comparing the ARAT scores of the two groups before and after treatment,the difference in the interaction effect of group and time was statistically significant (F = 10.984,P < 0.01). The difference in the main effect of time was statistically significant (P < 0.01),and the difference in the main effect of group was not statistically significant (P > 0.05). Before treatment,there was no significant difference in ARAT scores between the two groups (P > 0.05). After 3 weeks of treatment,the ARAT scores of the two groups were better than those before treatment in the same group,and the differences were statistically significant (both P < 0.01). (4) Before treatment,the MBI scores of the experimental group and the control group were (72 14) and (69 23) points,respectively.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) combined with a virtual reality (VR)-based upper limb rehabilitation robot to improve upper limb function in patients with ischemic stroke. While it does involve a form of virtual reality, which could be considered an exergame, the primary focus is on the recovery of upper limb motor function after a stroke, not on preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, the target population is specifically patients with ischemic stroke, not older people in general. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sujatha Ravindran, A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Decoding neural activity preceding balance loss during standing with a lower-limb exoskeleton using an interpretable deep learning model.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEURAL ENGINEERING 19(3).
[Abstract] Objective: Falls are a leading cause of death in adults 65 and older. Recent efforts to restore lower-limb function in these populations have seen an increase in the use of wearable robotic systems; however, fall prevention measures in these systems require early detection of balance loss to be effective. Prior studies have investigated whether kinematic variables contain information about an impending fall, but few have examined the potential of using electroencephalography (EEG) as a fall-predicting signal and how the brain responds to avoid a fall. Approach: To address this, we decoded neural activity in a balance perturbation task while wearing an exoskeleton. We acquired EEG, electromyography (EMG), and center of pressure (COP) data from seven healthy participants during mechanical perturbations while standing. The timing of the perturbations was randomized in all trials. Main results: We found perturbation evoked potentials (PEP) components as early as 75-134 ms after the onset of the external perturbation, which preceded both the peak in EMG (similar to 180 ms) and the COP (similar to 350 ms). A convolutional neural network trained to predict balance perturbations from single-trial EEG had a mean F-score of 75.0 +/- 4.3 %. Clustering GradCAM-based model explanations demonstrated that the model utilized components in the PEP and was not driven by artifacts. Additionally, dynamic functional connectivity results agreed with model explanations; the nodal connectivity measured using phase difference derivative was higher in the occipital-parietal region in the early stage of perturbations, before shifting to the parietal, motor, and back to the frontal-parietal channels. Continuous-time decoding of COP trajectories from EEG, using a gated recurrent unit model, achieved a mean Pearson's correlation coefficient of 0.7 +/- 0.06. Significance: Overall, our findings suggest that EEG signals contain short-latency neural information related to an impending fall, which may be useful for developing brain-machine interface systems for fall prevention in robotic exoskeletons.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on using EEG signals to detect neural activity related to impending falls while wearing a lower-limb exoskeleton. It does not involve the use of exergames (such as virtual reality, video games, or cognitive training) as an intervention. The study is more about the potential of using EEG for early detection of balance loss, rather than using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Summers, S. J., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Reliability and learning effects of repeated exposure to the Bertec Balance Advantage sensory organisation test in healthy individuals.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 93.
[Abstract] Background: The Sensory Organisation Test (SOT) of computerised dynamic posturography (CDP) is a well-established clinical test used to measure postural control. Advances in technology have enabled new CDP systems to use immersive virtual reality, such as the Bertec (R) Balance Advantage (R). While the Bertec provides an innovative approach to posturography, the reliability and learning effects of the Bertec in administering the SOT has not been thoroughly investigated.Research question: To evaluate the reliability and performance during repeated administration of the Bertec (R) Balance Advantage (R) SOT.Methods: Fourteen healthy adults (age 27.17 +/- 5.5years; 10 females) participated. Each participant performed five SOTs over three sessions. The first two sessions were approximately two days apart and the third one month later. In the first two sessions, two SOTs were conducted, and in the third session, one was performed. Composite, equilibrium, and ratio scores were used for analysis.Results: Poor within-session reliability was found in the first session for the composite score (ICC: 0.73, 95% CI: 0.32-0.91), which improved by the second session (ICC: 0.84, 95% CI: 0.58-0.94). Poor within-session reliability (ICC <0.5) was found for all ratio and equilibrium scores, except for the equilibrium score of condition 3, which demonstrated moderate reliability (ICC: 0.84, 95% CI: 0.57-0.95). Poor between-session reliability was found for all outcomes. There was an increase in the composite and equilibrium scores for conditions 5 and 6 over the 5 tests, which plateaued after the fourth test, and were retained at 1 month.Significance: The data demonstrate a steady increase in performance with repeated exposure to the Bertec SOT, which was maintained one month later, indicating a learning effect. We recommend that a minimum of two familiarisation sessions should be administered to establish baseline performance and improve reliability.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the reliability and learning effects of the Bertec Balance Advantage sensory organization test in healthy individuals, and it does not specifically target older people or use an exergame intervention. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Sun, P., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    The effect of rolling temperature on the microstructure and properties of multi pass rolled 7A04 aluminum alloy.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MATERIALS RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY-JMR&T 25: 3200-3211.
[Abstract] The current research on 7-series aluminum alloys mainly focuses on solid solution and aging treatments, as well as the flow stress during the deformation process. There are limited researches on the influence of thermal deformation temperature on the micro-structure and properties of the aluminum alloy during multi-pass hot rolling process. In this study, the as-cast 7A04 aluminum alloy was subjected to homogenization treatment, followed by multi-pass hot rolling. The effects of different deformation parameters on dislocation density were analyzed. Microstructural characterization of the deformed alloy was performed using optical microscopy (OM), scanning electron microscopy (SEM) with energy-dispersive spectroscopy (EDS), X-ray diffraction (XRD), and micro-hardness tester. The optimal microstructure of the deformed alloy was selected based on the size of recrystallization. Subsequently, the Deform-3D finite element simulation software was used to analyze the multi-pass hot rolling process. The influence of deformation param-eters on the uniformity of equivalent strain distribution within the samples was investi-gated. The results showed that at the deformation temperature of 430 degrees C, a significant amount of recrystallized microstructure appeared in the alloy, resulting in the lowest dislocation density and a significant reduction in the quantity of coarse precipitates. Finite element numerical simulation revealed that the deformation temperature had a certain influence on the uniformity of strain distribution within the alloy. However, this influence was mostly eliminated when the deformation temperature exceeded 380 degrees C. Meanwhile, the distribution of strain within the alloy was found to be related to the temperature distribution.(c) 2023 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effect of rolling temperature on the microstructure and properties of a 7A04 aluminum alloy. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sun, R., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    The Validity of a Mixed Reality-Based Automated Functional Mobility Assessment.
[Journal]  SENSORS 19(9).
[Abstract] Functional mobility assessments (i.e., Timed Up and Go) are commonly used clinical tools for mobility and fall risk screening in older adults. In this work, we proposed a new Mixed Reality (MR)-based assessment that utilized a Microsoft HoloLens(TM) headset to automatically lead and track the performance of functional mobility tests, and subsequently evaluated its validity in comparison with reference inertial sensors. Twenty-two healthy adults (10 older and 12 young adults) participated in this study. An automated functional mobility assessment app was developed, based on the HoloLens platform. The mobility performance was recorded with the headset built-in sensor and reference inertial sensor (Opal, APDM) taped on the headset and lower back. The results indicate that the vertical kinematic measurements by HoloLens were in good agreement with the reference sensor (Normalized RMSE similar to 10%, except for cases where the inertial sensor drift correction was not viable). Additionally, the HoloLens-based test completion time was in perfect agreement with the clinical standard stopwatch measure. Overall, our preliminary investigation indicates that it is possible to use an MR headset to automatically guide users (without severe mobility deficit) to complete common mobility tests, and this approach has the potential to provide an objective and efficient sensor-based mobility assessment that does not require any direct research/clinical oversight.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the validity of a mixed reality-based automated functional mobility assessment, which is used to evaluate and screen for mobility and fall risk in older adults. However, it does not specifically focus on using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The study primarily aims to validate the use of a Mixed Reality (MR) headset for automated functional mobility assessments, rather than using exergames as a preventive measure. Additionally, the study includes both older and young adults, and it is not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Sun, T., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Real-Time Ground Reaction Force and Knee Extension Moment Estimation During Drop Landings Via Modular LSTM Modeling and Wearable IMUs.
[Journal]  IEEE JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATICS 27(7): 3222-3233.
[Abstract] This work investigates real-time estimation of vertical ground reaction force (vGRF) and external knee extension moment (KEM) during single- and double-leg drop landings via wearable inertial measurement units (IMUs) and machine learning. A real-time, modular LSTM model with four sub-deep neural networks was developed to estimate vGRF and KEM. Sixteen subjects wore eight IMUs on the chest, waist, right and left thighs, shanks, and feet and performed drop landing trials. Ground embedded force plates and an optical motion capture system were used for model training and evaluation. During single-leg drop landings, accuracy for the vGRF and KEM estimation was R-2 = 0.88 +/- 0.12 and R-2 = 0.84 +/- 0.14, respectively, and during double-leg drop landings, accuracy for the vGRF and KEM estimation was R-2 = 0.85 +/- 0.11 and R-2 = 0.84 +/- 0.12, respectively. The best vGRF and KEM estimations of the model with the optimal LSTM unit number (130) require eight IMUs placed on the eight selected locations during single-leg drop landings. During double-leg drop landings, the best estimation on a leg only needs five IMUs placed on the chest, waist, and the leg's shank, thigh, and foot. The proposed modular LSTM-based model with optimally-onfigurable wearable IMUs can accurately estimate vGRF and KEM in real-time with relatively low computational cost during single- and double-leg drop landing tasks. This investigation could potentially enable in-field, non-contact anterior cruciate ligament injury risk screening and intervention training programs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on the real-time estimation of vertical ground reaction force and knee extension moment during drop landings using wearable IMUs and machine learning. It does not mention any intervention targeting older people, nor does it involve exergames. The study also does not report results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention in the elderly. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Sun, W., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Interaction effects of significant risk factors on low bone mineral density in ankylosing spondylitis.
[Journal]  PEERJ 11.
[Abstract] Background: To analyze individually and interactively critical risk factors, which are closely related to low bone mineral density (BMD) in patient with ankylosing spondylitis (AS).Methods: A total of 249 AS patients who visited China-Japan Friendship Hospital were included in this training set. Patients with questionnaire data, blood samples, X-rays, and BMD were collected. Logistic regression analysis was employed to identify key risk factors for low BMD in different sites, and predictive accuracy was improved by incorporating the selected significant risk factors into the baseline model, which was then validated using a validation set. The interaction between risk factors was analyzed, and predictive nomograms for low BMD in different sites were established.Results: There were 113 patients with normal BMD, and 136 patients with low BMD. AS patients with hip involvement are more likely to have low BMD in the total hip, whereas those without hip involvement are more prone to low BMD in the lumbar spine. Chest expansion, mSASSS, radiographic average grade of the sacroiliac joint, and hip involvement were significantly associated with low BMD of the femoral neck and total hip. Syndesmophytes, hip involvement and higher radiographic average grade of the sacroiliac joint increases the risk of low BMD of the femoral neck and total hip in an additive manner. Finally, a prediction model was constructed to predict the risk of low BMD in total hip and femoral neck.Conclusions: This study identified hip involvement was strongly associated with low BMD of the total hip in AS patients. Furthermore, the risk of low BMD of the femoral neck and total hip was found to increase in an additive manner with the presence of syndesmophytes, hip involvement, and severe sacroiliitis. This finding may help rheumatologists to identify AS patients who are at a high risk of developing low BMD and prompt early intervention to prevent fractures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the analysis of risk factors for low bone mineral density in patients with ankylosing spondylitis. It does not mention any exergames or interventions aimed at preventing falls in the elderly, nor does it describe a randomized controlled trial involving such interventions. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Suresh, R., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Dysrhythmias in Laypersons During Centrifuge-Simulated Suborbital Spaceflight.
[Journal]  AEROSPACE MEDICINE AND HUMAN PERFORMANCE 88(11): 1008-1015.
[Abstract] INTRODUCTION: There are limited data on cardiac dysrhythmias in laypersons during hypergravity exposure. We report layperson electrocardiograph (ECG) findings and tolerance of dysrhythmias during centrifuge-simulated suborbital spaceflight.& para;& para;METHODS: Volunteers participated in varied-length centrifuge training programs of 2-7 centrifuge runs over 0.5-2 d, culminating in two simulated suborbital spaceflights of combined +G(z )and +G(x) (peak +4.0 G(z) +6.0 G(x), duration 5 s). Monitors recorded pre- and post-run mean arterial blood pressure (MAP), 6-s average heart rate (HR) collected at prespecified points during exposures, documented dysrhythmias observed on continuous 3-lead ECG, self-reported symptoms, and objective signs of intolerance on real-time video monitoring.& para;& para;RESULTS: Participating in the study were 148 subjects (43 women). Documented dysrhythmias included sinus pause ( N = 5), couplet premature ventricular contractions ( N = 4 ), bigeminy ( N = 3 ), accelerated idioventricular rhythm (N = 1), and relative bradycardia (RB, defined as a transient HR drop of >20 bpm; N = 63). None were associated with subjective symptoms or objective signs of acceleration intolerance. Episodes of RB occurred only during +G(x) exposures. Subjects had a higher post-run vs. pre-run MAP after all exposures, but demonstrated no difference in pre- and post-run HR. RB was more common in men, younger individuals, and subjects experiencing more centrifuge runs.& para;& para;DISCUSSION: Dysrhythmias in laypersons undergoing simulated suborbltal spaceflight were well tolerated, though RB was frequently noted during short-duration +G(x) exposure. No subjects demonstrated associated symptoms or objective hemodynamic sequelae from these events. Even so, heightened caution remains warranted when monitoring dysrhythmias in laypersons with significant cardiopulmonary disease or taking medications that modulate cardiac conduction.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the occurrence and tolerance of cardiac dysrhythmias in laypersons during centrifuge-simulated suborbital spaceflight. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention (centrifuge training) is not an exergame, and the target population is not specifically older people. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Susilo, Y. O., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    The changes of activity-travel participation across gender, life-cycle, and generations in Sweden over 30years.
[Journal]  TRANSPORTATION 46(3): 793-818.
[Abstract] This study utilised the Swedish national travel survey covering a period of over 30years. We investigated the long-term trends in activity-travel patterns of individuals in different life-cycle stages and generations using cohort analysis and a path model. The main findings are summarised as follows. The women, including mothers, in younger generations have become more active in out-of-home non-work activities and their trip chaining has become more complex, compared to their male counterparts. While men are still driving more than women, the gap is decreasing in the younger generations. The gender difference among teenagers in terms of out-of-home time use diminishes in younger generations. Teenagers of younger generations spend more of their leisure time inside their homes, possibly due to the rise of online activities and gaming and more time-consuming school trips, the latter attributed to changes in school choice policy. Older adults travel more, possibly due to better paratransit transport service, supported by better health services.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on long-term trends in activity-travel patterns across different life-cycle stages and generations in Sweden, and it does not mention any intervention using exergames or a focus on fall prevention.

[Author]   Sutcu, G. and M. Kilinc (2021). 
[Title]    Investigation of the Effects of Game Supported Rehabilitation Program on Motor and Cognitive Skills in a Patient with Co-occurrence of Multiple Sclerosis and Parkinson's Disease: A Case Report.
[Journal]  TURKISH JOURNAL OF NEUROLOGY 27(2): 195-200.
[Abstract] Multiple sclerosis (MS) and Parkinson's disease (PD) are progressive central nervous system diseases that cause significant activity limitation and participation restrictions by causing motor and non-motor symptoms in patients. With this case report, we aimed to present the effects of the game-supported rehabilitation in a patient with co-occurrences of MS and PD that we rarely encounter. A 54-year-old female patient with co-occurrence of MS and PD who was mobilized with a wheelchair was evaluated as a case. The patient was treated for 1 hour, 3 days a week for 8 weeks. After a 30-minute neurophysiologic exercise program, the patient was taken to 30-minute game therapy using the "Smart Physiotherapy Game System (USE-IT)". USE-IT, a game console developed in line with our clinical experience, is also a TUBITAK 1512 project. On the game console, the patient played six games using different grip materials. Before and after the treatment, diseases levels and findings were evaluated using the expanded disability status scale, the modified Hoehn and Yahr scale, and the unified PD rating scale. Frequency of falling was asked to the patient and relatives, rigidity was determined using manual evaluations, muscle strength was assessed through gross muscle strength assessment, cognitive status was evaluated using the Montreal cognitive assessment scale, posture was evaluated with New York posture rating scale, manual skills were evaluated with the Minnesota manual dexterity test, and fatigue was evaluated with fatigue impact scale. Functional condition was evaluated using the functional independence measurement and quality of life was evaluated with MS quality of life questionnaire and PD questionnaire. As a result, it is seen that there are clinically significant improvements in the severity of disease, fatigue, falling, postural disorders, manual skills, physical, cognitive and emotional state, mobility, activities of daily living and quality of life of the patient.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a case report focused on the effects of a game-supported rehabilitation program on a patient with co-occurrence of Multiple Sclerosis and Parkinson's Disease. While it does involve the use of a game (exergame) as part of the intervention, it does not specifically target older people, nor is it a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Swinnen, N., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Exergames in people with major neurocognitive disorder: a systematic review.
[Journal]  DISABILITY AND REHABILITATION-ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY 17(4): 376-389.
[Abstract] Purpose: To systematically evaluate the efficacy of exergames in individuals with major neurocognitive disorder.Materials and methods: PubMed, EMBASE and PEDro were systematically searched from inception until October 2019 for randomised and clinical controlled trials. Methodological quality of the trials was assessed with the PEDro rating scale or Risk of Bias in Nonrandomised Studies of Interventions-I (ROBINS-I), when appropriate. Grading of Recommendations Assessments, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) was used to assess the overall quality of the evidence.Results: Eight trials, all of moderate to high methodological quality (i.e., PEDro score of 6 or higher or a Robins-I moderate quality score) were included. The overall quality of evidence was moderate to high according to the GRADE criteria. Improvements in gait, mobility and balance and beneficial effects on activities of daily living performance, cognitive function, fear of falls, quality of life and mood following exergaming were reported. Heterogeneity in outcome measures, intervention characteristics and included participants precluded a meta-analysis.Conclusions: The current literature is of moderate to high quality and demonstrates that exergames have a wide range of physical and mental benefits in people with major neurocognitive disorder. More controlled trials are however needed to confirm the existing evidence before exergames can be recommended in treatment guidelines for people with major neurocognitive disorder.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that evaluates the efficacy of exergames in individuals with major neurocognitive disorder. While it does discuss the benefits of exergames, including improvements in gait, mobility, and balance, which are relevant to fall prevention, it does not meet the criteria for the specific question because it is a review and does not present original data from a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, the focus is on people with major neurocognitive disorder, which may or may not specifically target older people. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Syed-Abdul, S., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Virtual reality among the elderly: a usefulness and acceptance study from Taiwan.
[Journal]  BMC GERIATRICS 19(1).
[Abstract] Background Virtual reality (VR) has several applications in the medical domain and also generates a secure environment to carry out activities. Evaluation of the effectiveness of VR among older populations revealed positive effects of VR as a tool to reduce risks of falls and also improve the social and emotional well-being of older adults. The decline in physical and mental health, the loss of functional capabilities, and a weakening of social ties represent obstacles towards active aging among older adults and indicate a need for support. Existing research focused on the effects of VR among older populations, and its uses and benefits. Our study investigated the acceptance and use of VR by the elderly. Methods This pilot study was conducted on 30 older adults who voluntarily participated during March to May 2018. Nine VR applications that promote physical activities, motivate users, and provide entertainment were chosen for this study. Participants were asked to use any one of the applications of their choice for 15 min twice a week for 6 weeks. At the end of 6 weeks, participants were asked to fill out a questionnaire based on the Technology Acceptance Model and a literature review, to evaluate their acceptance of VR technology. Cronbach's alpha reliability analysis was used to test the internal consistency of the questionnaire items. Pearson's product moment correlation was used to examine the validity of the questionnaire. A linear regression and mediation analysis were utilized to identify relationships among the variables of the questionnaire. Results In total, six male and 24 female participants aged 6095 years volunteered to participate in the study. Perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use, social norms, and perceived enjoyment were seen to have had significant effects on the intention to use VR. Participants agreed to a large extent regarding the perceived usefulness, perceived enjoyment, and their experience of using VR. Thus, VR was seen to have high acceptance among this elderly population. Conclusions Older people have positive perceptions towards accepting and using VR to support active aging. They perceived VR to be useful, easy to use, and an enjoyable experience, implying positive attitudes toward adopting this new technology.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the acceptance and use of virtual reality (VR) among the elderly, rather than specifically on the use of exergames to prevent falls. While the study does mention that VR can reduce the risk of falls, it is not the primary focus, and the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it evaluates the acceptance and perceived usefulness of VR technology among older adults.

[Author]   Syropoulou, A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    The presence, enjoyment, mood experience, attitude and preference towards exergames scale in children with mild intellectual disability.
[Journal]  SPORT SCIENCES FOR HEALTH 18(1): 203-210.
[Abstract] Purpose The purpose of this study was to examine the factor structure and cross-cultural validity of the self-report questionnaire of Ho, Lwin, Sng & Yee (2017) in a sample of Greek primary school students with mild intellectual disability (ID) using VR exergames. The questionnaire consisted of five scales, namely self-presence, mood experience, game enjoyment, attitude toward exergames and preference for future gameplay. Methods Participants were 103 primary school students with mild ID aged 9-12 years old (males = 52.4%, females = 47.6%). Confirmatory Factor Analysis was undertaken through structural equation modelling to determine factorial validity. Convergent validity and internal consistency were calculated by considering the average variance extracted and the composite reliability respectively, while discriminant validity was estimated by maximum shared squared variance. Results Results indicated that the model was a good fit for the data as soon as seven items were dropped from the scale because of presenting poor consistency. Instrument was shown to have good internal consistency, appropriate convergent and discriminant validity. Conclusion Evidence was found in support of the psychometric integrity of the Ho, Lwin, Sng & Yee (2017) questionnaire when implemented to children with mild ID.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on children with mild intellectual disability and examines the psychometric properties of a questionnaire related to their experience with VR exergames. It does not meet the criteria for targeting older people, nor does it involve an intervention aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Szczuraszek, T., et al. (2019).
[Title]    Conditionings of Regional Railway Transport in Poland on the Example of a Selected Area
[Journal]  3RD WORLD MULTIDISCIPLINARY CIVIL ENGINEERING, ARCHITECTURE, URBAN PLANNING SYMPOSIUM (WMCAUS 2018). 471.
[Abstract] The share (modal split) of passenger transports in the railway transport in Europe including Poland, accounts for similar to 7%. This reflects rather low share of this sector in the passenger transport. Therefore, the transport policy of the European Union aims at increasing the number of train transports considering it to be the most ecological. Due to some typical features of this transport branch it provides transport services over medium and long distances (more than 300 km). In this context a question should be asked: does development of regional railway transport means which travel over distances several dozen kilometres make sense in Poland? The analysis was performed for an administrative region in the central part of Poland. This region is typical in terms of social-economic and macroeconomic development and spatial development. It covers an area of similar to 18 thousand km' and has similar to 2.1 min inhabitants. In order to answer the question, extensive research has been conducted concerning conditionings of the analyzed region in terms of railway transport development, including a survey among the inhabitants and people travelling by car and those using public transport means (including railway transport). The research included both 'a travel journal' of the respondents on a typical weekday, and transport means preferences as well as assessment of passenger transport functioning as part of public transport system in the analyzed region of Poland. Major analyses of transport demand prognoses are based on simulation analyses results for which transport models were used, constructed for three social-development scenarios: optimistic, stabilization and pessimistic. The results of analyses showed that current conditionings are not beneficial for the development of regional railway passenger transports. It is caused by many factors, including: relatively small access to railway transport, small population density, constant drop in the number of inhabitants, aging of the society, very small occupancy of this transport means, very low predicted values of passenger currents, rising costs of these transport maintenance, small interest of inhabitants in the development of this transport system with simultaneous preference for travel by car. The results of analyses showed that regional railway transport system in Poland are uncompetitive as compared to regional bus transport system which are characterized by better availability and flexibility of connections, shorter time of travel, 10-times lower maintenance costs and smaller harmfulness to the environment (taking into consideration that regional railway transports uses mainly diesel locomotives as they are cheaper to run as compared to electrical tractions; whereas in regional bus transports more and more often new, ecological transport means which meet ecological norms of cleanliness of exhaust fumes).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the conditionings of regional railway transport in Poland and does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Szturm, T., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Changes in Metabolic Activity and Gait Function by Dual-Task Cognitive Game-Based Treadmill System in Parkinson's Disease: Protocol of a Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 13.
[Abstract] Balance and gait impairments, and consequently, mobility restrictions and falls are common in Parkinson's disease (PD). Various cognitive deficits are also common in PD and are associated with increased fall risk. These mobility and cognitive deficits are limiting factors in a person's health, ability to perform activities of daily living, and overall quality of life. Community ambulation involves many dual-task (DT) conditions that require processing of several cognitive tasks while managing or reacting to sudden or unexpected balance challenges. DT training programs that can simultaneously target balance, gait, visuomotor, and cognitive functions are important to consider in rehabilitation and promotion of healthy active lives. In the proposed multi-center, randomized controlled trial (RCT), novel behavioral positron emission tomography (PET) brain imaging methods are used to evaluate the molecular basis and neural underpinnings of: (a) the decline of mobility function in PD, specifically, balance, gait, visuomotor, and cognitive function, and (b) the effects of an engaging, game-based DT treadmill walking program on mobility and cognitive functions. Both the interactive cognitive game tasks and treadmill walking require continuous visual attention, and share spatial processing functions, notably to minimize any balance disturbance or gait deviation/stumble. The ability to "walk and talk" normally includes activation of specific regions of the prefrontal cortex (PFC) and the basal ganglia (site of degeneration in PD). The PET imaging analysis and comparison with healthy age-matched controls will allow us to identify areas of abnormal, reduced activity levels, as well as areas of excessive activity (increased attentional resources) during DT-walking. We will then be able to identify areas of brain plasticity associated with improvements in mobility functions (balance, gait, and cognition) after intervention. We expect the gait-cognitive training effect to involve re-organization of PFC activity among other, yet to be identified brain regions. The DT mobility-training platform and behavioral PET brain imaging methods are directly applicable to other diseases that affect gait and cognition, e.g., cognitive vascular impairment, Alzheimer's disease, as well as in aging.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a randomized controlled trial that uses a dual-task cognitive game-based treadmill system for individuals with Parkinson's disease. While it does involve an exergame and aims to improve gait and cognitive functions, which are related to fall prevention, the primary target population is people with Parkinson's disease, not specifically older people. Additionally, the focus is on understanding the neural underpinnings and molecular basis of the intervention, rather than directly on fall prevention in the elderly. Therefore, the paper does not fully meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Szturm, T., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Integrated testing of standing balance and cognition: Test-retest reliability and construct validity.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 41(1): 146-152.
[Abstract] Balance and cognitive impairments which are common with aging often coexist, are prognostic of future adverse health events, including fall injuries. Consequently, dual-task assessment programs that simultaneously address both stability and cognition are important to consider in rehabilitation and benefit healthy aging. The objective of this study was to establish test-retest reliability and construct validity of a dual-task computer game-based platform (TGP) that integrates head tracking and cognitive tasks with balance activities. Thirty healthy, community-dwelling individuals median age 64 (range 6067) were recruited from a certified Medical Fitness Facility. Participants performed a series of computerized head tracking and cognitive game tasks while standing on fixed and sponge surfaces. Testing was conducted on two occasions, one week apart. Moderate to high test retest reliability (ICC values of 0.55-0.75) was observed for all outcome measures representing balance, gaze performance, cognition, and dual-task performance. A significant increase in center of foot pressure (COP) excursion was observed during both head tracking and cognitive dual-task conditions. The results demonstrate the system's ability to reliably detect changes related to specific and integrated aspects of balance, gaze, and cognitive performance. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the test-retest reliability and construct validity of a dual-task computer game-based platform that integrates head tracking and cognitive tasks with balance activities. While the intervention involves a form of exergame and includes older individuals, it does not specifically target fall prevention, nor does it report on a randomized controlled trial. The focus is on the reliability and validity of the testing platform rather than on an intervention to prevent falls.

[Author]   Szturm, T. J., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Computerized Dual-Task Testing of Gait and Visuospatial Cognitive Functions; Test-Retest Reliability and Validity.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN HUMAN NEUROSCIENCE 11: 1-11.
[Abstract] The common occurrence of age decline in mobility and cognition does cause a decrease in the level of physical activity and an increased falls risk. Consequently, dual -task (DT) assessment that simultaneously addresses both mobility skills and cognitive functions are important because, continued difficulties and fall injuries will have a sizable impact in this population. The first objective of the present study was to assess test-retest reliability of a computerized DT treadmill walking protocol and concurrent outcome measures of gait and visuospatial executive function in a group of healthy older adults. Secondly, discriminative validity was evaluated by examining the effect of DT conditions (single task vs. dual-task) on; (a) spatiotemporal gait measures (average and coefficient of variation) and (b) visuomotor and visuospatial executive performance measures. Twenty-five community-dwelling individuals median age 65 (range 61-67) were recruited from a Fitness Facility. Participants performed a computerized visuomotor tracking task and a visuospatial executive game task in standing and while treadmill walking. Testing was conducted on two occasions, 1 week apart. Moderate to high test-retest reliability (ICC values of 0.65-0.88) were observed for spatiotemporal gait variables. No significant differences between the group means were observed between test periods in any gait variable. Moderate test-retest reliability (ICC values of 0.6-0.65) was observed for measures of visuomotor and visuospatial executive performance during treadmill walking. Significant DT effects were observed for both spatiotemporal gait variables and visuospatial executive performance measures. This study demonstrates the reliability and reproducibility of the computer-based assessment tool for dual task treadmill walking. The high to moderate ICC values and the lack of systematic errors in the measures indicate that this tool has the ability to repeatedly record reliable data from community-dwelling older adults. The present computerized dual-task protocols broaden the types of standardized visuomotor and visuospatial executive activities for use with DT treadmill walking that has previously been reported.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the test-retest reliability and validity of a computerized dual-task (DT) testing protocol that assesses gait and visuospatial cognitive functions in older adults. While the study does involve older people and uses a computerized task, it is not specifically about using exergames to prevent falls. The study aims to evaluate the reliability and validity of the assessment tool rather than reporting the results of an intervention aimed at fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Tacchino, A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    An Internet- and Kinect-Based Multiple Sclerosis Fitness Intervention Training With Pilates Exercises: Development and Usability Study.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 11.
[Abstract] Background: Balance impairments are common in people with multiple sclerosis (MS), with reduced ability to maintain position and delayed responses to postural adjustments. Pilates is a popular alternative method for balance training that may reduce the rapid worsening of symptoms and the increased risk of secondary conditions (eg, depression) that are frequently associated with physical inactivity.Objective: In this paper, we aimed to describe the design, development, and usability testing of MS Fitness Intervention Training (MS-FIT), a Kinect-based tool implementing Pilates exercises customized for MS. Methods: MS-FIT has been developed using a user-centered design approach (design, prototype, user feedback, and analysis) to gain the target user's perspective. A team composed of 1 physical therapist, 2 game programmers, and 1 game designer developed the first version of MS-FIT that integrated the knowledge and experience of the team with MS literature findings related to Pilates exercises and balance interventions based on exergames. MS-FIT, developed by using the Unity 3D (Unity Technologies) game engine software with Kinect Sensor V2 for Windows, implements exercises for breathing, posture, and balance. Feedback from an Italian panel of experts in MS rehabilitation (neurologists, physiatrists, physical therapists, 1 statistician, and 1 bioengineer) and people with MS was collected to customize the tool for use in MS. The context of MS-FIT is traveling around the world to visit some of the most important cities to learn the aspects of their culture through pictures and stories. At each stay of the travel, the avatar of a Pilates teacher shows the user the exercises to be performed. Overall, 9 people with MS (n=4, 44% women; mean age 42.89, SD 11.97 years; mean disease duration 10.19, SD 9.18 years; Expanded Disability Status Scale score 3.17, SD 0.75) were involved in 3 outpatient user test sessions of 30 minutes; MS-FIT's usability was assessed through an ad hoc questionnaire (maximum value=5; higher the score, higher the usability) evaluating easiness to use, playability, enjoyment, satisfaction, and acceptance.Results: A user-centered design approach was used to develop an accessible and challenging tool for balance training. All people with MS (9/9, 100%) completed the user test sessions and answered the ad hoc questionnaire. The average score on each item ranged from 3.78 (SD 0.67) to 4.33 (SD 1.00), which indicated a high usability level. The feedback and suggestions provided by 64% (9/14) of people with MS and 36% (5/14) of therapists involved in the user test were implemented to refine the first prototype to release MS-FIT 2.0. Conclusions: The participants reported that MS-FIT was a usable tool. It is a promising system for enhancing the motivation and engagement of people with MS in performing exercise with the aim of improving their physical status.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and usability testing of a Kinect-based tool (MS-FIT) that implements Pilates exercises for people with multiple sclerosis (MS). The intervention targets people with MS, not older people, and the focus is on balance training and improving physical status. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Tada, K., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Quantifying Motor and Cognitive Function of the Upper Limb Using Mixed Reality Smartglasses.
[Journal]  Annual International Conference of the IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society. IEEE Engineering in Medicine and Biology Society. Annual International Conference 2022: 2556-2559.
[Abstract] In our aging world, the need to measure and evaluate motor and cognitive functions and to automate physical and occupational therapy will increase in the future. Many studies on VR-based rehabilitation systems are already underway. However, there are some issues such as the risk of falling or crashing due to the complete blockage of visual information, VR sickness, and lack of reality. The purpose of this research is to develop a system that simultaneously measures and evaluates multiple abilities and functions, such as motor function, cognitive function, and prediction ability, by using mixed reality (MR) smartglasses technology that enables interaction with spatially arranged objects while maintaining real-world information. In this study, we focused on the motor function of the upper limbs and cognitive function, and measured finger and gaze movements during a reaching task. In addition, we developed a game-based task for occupational therapy in a MR environment and reported the results.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on developing a system to measure and evaluate motor and cognitive functions of the upper limb using mixed reality (MR) smartglasses. While it does mention the potential for fall risk in VR-based systems, the primary intervention is not an exergame designed to prevent falls in the elderly. The study also does not specify that it includes randomized controlled trials or reports results related to fall prevention. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Tagliabue, L. C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Data driven indoor air quality prediction in educational facilities based on IoT network.
[Journal]  ENERGY AND BUILDINGS 236.
[Abstract] The approach to the built environment as a container of human activities has been severely outdated with a new vision that puts the user, his/her well-being and his/her experience, at the centre, shifting from the old "building as a product" to the newer "building as a service" and the newest "building as an experience" concept. Nevertheless, the sick building syndrome, mainly documented in office buildings, is a widespread problem in many public buildings and, among these, in educational facilities. In these categories we can list school and university buildings where the users are not only workers but also students, sharing anyway the same problem: an artificial environment which is not supporting their productivity in the office or learning performance in the classrooms. Carbon dioxide concentration, due to the natural human breathing process, is a diffuse parameter strongly influencing the indoor air quality and, thus, the users' wellbeing. An acceptance threshold of 1000 ppm in indoor spaces has been derived for this pollutant. Although allowed, the CO2 concentration in indoor space shouldn't reach this threshold because in such a condition a 11-23% reduction of the users' cognitive performance has been measured and, when the level increases reaching 2500 ppm, the reported drop is dramatic (44-94%). Extensive researches set the optimal threshold at 600 ppm, a level defined as fresh air. Then, how is it possible to encompass a natural process as CO2 production by humans? Basically with the correct ventilation rate, depending on room geometry, number of people and ventilation system (i.e. natural or mechanical or mixed). A modulating mechanical ventilation system could adapt the ventilation rate according to people density and changing indoor conditions nevertheless many existing buildings have outdated systems not providing this option. Sometimes their air handling units (AHUs) have few regulation options to control the parameters and tuning procedures during the building lifecycle are required. CO2 concentration is convenient to measure indoor air quality because it is easily quantifiable through a sensors network. Thus, it may be adopted as an indicator to assess suitable indoor conditions to human activities and used to trigger manual or automatic procedures to preserve wellbeing thresholds. The article presents a research work depicting the integration of indoor air quality data gathered by internet of things (IoT) sensors to activate the control of the indoor conditions according to the occupancy rate in the educational building eLUX lab, located in the Smart Campus of the University of Brescia. The challenge is to directly regulate the heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) systems and define opening/closing patterns for windows to improve the indoor air quality and protect the learning performance of users in dynamic use conditions. The embraced methodology suggests the training of an artificial neural network (ANN) with the actual monitored data and to trigger the ventilation rate control through an IoT communication protocol. (C) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using IoT and artificial neural networks to predict and control indoor air quality in educational facilities, with the aim of improving learning performance. It does not involve exergames or any interventions targeting the prevention of falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Tahmosybayat, R., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    A systematic review and meta-analysis of outcome measures to assess postural control in older adults who undertake exergaming.
[Journal]  MATURITAS 98: 35-45.
[Abstract] Exergaming has been shown to be an effective tool to improve postural control (PC) in older community dwelling individuals. The outcome measures (OMs) used to assess PC are varied and this could limit the estimation of the effectiveness of the intervention. This systematic review and meta-analysis aims to explore the OMs currently used to assess PC in exergaming interventions, for healthy elderly individuals aged over 60 years. The literature search was conducted across five databases (CINAHL, EMBASE, PubMed, ISI, SPORTdiscus and Science Direct) using a range of search terms and combinations relating to exergaming, balance, exercise, falls and elderly. Quality assessment was conducted using the PEDro Scale and a custom-made quality assessment tool. Eleven trials were included in the meta-analysis, with a mean (SD) PEDro score of 5.36 (1.57). Primary and secondary OMs showed small effects in favour of alternative training modes, although these effects were statistically insignificant for all primary OMs. Tertiary OMs could not be included in the meta-analysis due to varying output parameters from different instruments. Heterogeneity remained high across trials and no studies performed long-term follow-up. Exergaming is a potential alternative to PC training, although still in its infancy. Strong and well-designed RCTs are needed, targeting specific populations aged over 60 years. Variability in instrumented OMs prevents generalisation of results. Technological improvements may provide data not currently available from clinical and laboratory-based methods, and may allow PC to be assessed more realistically and specifically in relation to a population's activities of daily living, though this remains a new area of research. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which means it does not include original data from randomized controlled trials. According to the criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Tahmosybayat, R., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Movements of older adults during exergaming interventions that are associated with the Systems Framework for Postural Control: A systematic review.
[Journal]  MATURITAS 111: 90-99.
[Abstract] One in three older adults fall annually, in part due to impairments in the physiological systems that make up the postural control (PC) system. Exercise, particularly balance training, helps to prevent deterioration and even to improve outcomes in the PC system. Exergaming (exercise-gaming) is interactive computer gaming whereby an individual moves the body in response to onscreen cues in a playful format. Exergaming is an alternative method to standard practice for improving PC outcomes, which has been shown to reduce the risk of falling. Exergaming has received research attention, yet the intervention is still in its infancy. There could be benefit in exploring the movements trained with respect to a framework known for identifying underlying deficits in the PC system, the Systems Framework for Postural Control (SFPC). This may help target areas for improvement in balance training using exergames and shed light on the impact for fall prevention. A literature search was therefore conducted across six databases (CINAHL, EMBASE, PubMed, ISI, SPORTdiscus and Science Direct) using a range of search terms and combinations relating to exergaming, balance, exercise, falls and elderly. Quality assessment was conducted using the PEDro Scale and a custom-made quality assessment tool. Movements were rated by two reviewers based on the 9 operational definitions of the SFPC. Eighteen publications were included in the analysis, with a mean PEDro score of 5.6 (1.5). Overall, 4.99 (1.27) of the 9 operational definitions of the SFPC are trained in exergaming interventions. Exergaming does encourage individuals to stand up (3), lean while standing (4), move upper limbs and turn heads (6) and dual-task while standing (9), to some extent move the body forwards, backwards and sideways (1), and coordinate movements (2) but hardly at all to kick, hop, jump or walk (7), or to force a postural reaction from a physical force to the individual (5) and it does not mimic actual changes in sensory context (8). This is the first review, to our knowledge, that synthesises the literature on movements trained in exergaming interventions with respect to an established theoretical framework for PC. This review could provide useful information for designing exergames with PC outcomes in mind, which could help target specific exergames for multi-factorial training to overcome balance deficits. Some elements of PC are too unsafe to be trained using exergames, such as restricting sensory inputs or applying physical perturbations to an individual to elicit postural responses.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that synthesizes the literature on movements trained in exergaming interventions with respect to an established theoretical framework for postural control. It does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial, and it is focused on reviewing and analyzing existing data rather than presenting new, original data from an intervention study. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for inclusion based on the specified guidelines.

[Author]   Takei, K., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Safety, feasibility, and acceptability of physiotherapy combined with strength training using active video games for older patients with musculoskeletal conditions.
[Journal]  DISABILITY AND REHABILITATION-ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY 19(3): 641-647.
[Abstract] Purpose This study aimed to determine the safety, feasibility, and acceptability of physiotherapy (PT) combined with strength training using active video games (AVG) for older patients with musculoskeletal conditions. Methods Sixteen patients underwent AVG + PT on day 1 and only conventional physiotherapy (CPT) on day 2. The AVG was conducted in 6 upper- and lower-limb training performed in standing position using Ring Fit Adventure (RFA) on Nintendo Switch. Outcome measured adverse events and deviant movements associated with the AVG as safety, execution rate of each AVG programme as feasibility, and questionnaires (4-point Likert scale) regarding enjoyment, motivation to continue, and feeling of efficacy as acceptability. Results The berg balance scale/functional independence measure indicated 45 +/- 8/90 +/- 16. No adverse events occurred. Some of deviant movements were observed that could be an injury risk, such as a slight forward movement during the stepping exercise. The execution rate for each AVG programme ranged from 81% to 100%. The categories of enjoyment, motivation to continue, and feeling of efficacy had >90% of positive responses (strongly agree, slightly agree) in AVG + PT, and enjoyment tended to be higher in AVG + PT than in CPT. Conclusions Strength training using RFA was considered to be a safe and feasible exercise tool enough to be applicable as part of a rehabilitation programme in older patients with musculoskeletal conditions. However, should be supervised, at least during the introductory phase. It was also positively accepted by older adults, suggesting enhanced enjoyment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the safety, feasibility, and acceptability of using active video games (AVGs) combined with physiotherapy for older patients with musculoskeletal conditions. While it does involve older people and the use of an exergame, the primary focus is on these specific outcomes rather than the prevention of falls. Additionally, the study design is not a randomized controlled trial, but rather a single-group pre-post intervention. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Tan, H.-C., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Deep learning model for the prediction of all-cause mortality among long term care people in China: a prospective cohort study.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 14(1).
[Abstract] This study aimed to develop a deep learning model to predict the risk stratification of all-cause death for older people with disability, providing guidance for long-term care plans. Based on the government-led long-term care insurance program in a pilot city of China from 2017 and followed up to 2021, the study included 42,353 disabled adults aged over 65, with 25,071 assigned to the training set and 17,282 to the validation set. The administrative data (including baseline characteristics, underlying medical conditions, and all-cause mortality) were collected to develop a deep learning model by least absolute shrinkage and selection operator. After a median follow-up time of 14 months, 17,565 (41.5%) deaths were recorded. Thirty predictors were identified and included in the final models for disability-related deaths. Physical disability (mobility, incontinence, feeding), adverse events (pressure ulcers and falls from bed), and cancer were related to poor prognosis. A total of 10,127, 25,140 and 7086 individuals were classified into low-, medium-, and high-risk groups, with actual risk probabilities of death of 9.5%, 45.8%, and 85.5%, respectively. This deep learning model could facilitate the prevention of risk factors and provide guidance for long-term care model planning based on risk stratification.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a deep learning model to predict the risk of all-cause mortality among older people with disabilities. It does not mention the use of exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The study is a prospective cohort study, not a randomized controlled trial, and it focuses on predicting mortality rather than an intervention.

[Author]   Tan, N. C., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Age-Related Performance in Using a Fully Immersive and Automated Virtual Reality System to Assess Cognitive Function.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PSYCHOLOGY 13.
[Abstract] IntroductionCognition generally declines gradually over time due to progressive degeneration of the brain, leading to dementia and eventual loss of independent functions. The rate of regression varies among the six cognitive domains (perceptual motor, executive function, complex attention, learning and memory, social cognition and language). Current modality of cognitive assessment using neuropsychological paper-and-pencil screening tools for cognitive impairment such as the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) has limitations and is influenced by age. Virtual reality (VR) is considered as a potential alternative tool to assess cognition. A novel, fully immersive automated VR system (Cognitive Assessment using Virtual Reality, CAVIRE) has been developed to assess the six cognitive domains. As cognition is associated with age, VR performance is postulated to vary with age using this system. AimsThis is a feasibility study to evaluate the VR performance of cognitively healthy adults aged between 35 and 74 years old, based on the performance score and completion time using the CAVIRE system. MethodsConducted in a public primary care clinic in Singapore, 25 multi-ethnic Asian adults were recruited in each of the four age groups in years: (1) 35-44; (2) 45-54; (3) 55-64, and (4) 65-74. The eligibility criteria included a MoCA score of 26 or higher to reflect normal cognition and understanding English instructions. They completed common daily activities ranging from brushing teething to shopping, across 13 VR segments. Their performances scores and completion time were automatically computed by the CAVIRE system. These VR performance indices were compared across the four age groups using one-way ANOVA, F-test of the hypothesis, followed by pair-wise comparisons in the event of a significant F-test (p < 0.05). ResultsOne participant dropped out from Group 1. The demographic characteristics of 99 participants were similar across the 4 age groups. Overall, younger participants in Groups 1 and 2 attained higher VR performance scores and shorter completion time, compared to those in Groups 3 and 4, in all six cognitive domains (all p < 0.05). ConclusionThe CAVIRE VR performance scores and completion time significantly differ between the younger and older Asian participants with normal cognition. Enhancements to the system are needed to establish the age-group specific normal performance indices.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a fully immersive and automated virtual reality system to assess cognitive function in adults aged between 35 and 74 years old. It does not specifically target the elderly, nor does it focus on preventing falls. The study is a feasibility study and does not report results from a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Tanaka, K., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Long-term Detection System for Six Kinds of Abnormal Behavior of the Elderly Living Alone.
[Journal]  Long-term Detection System for Six Kinds of Abnormal Behavior of the Elderly Living Alone.
[Abstract] The proportion of elderly people is increasing worldwide, particularly those living alone in Japan. As elderly people get older, their risks of physical disabilities and health issues increase. To automatically discover these issues at a low cost in daily life, sensor-based detection in a smart home is promising. As part of the effort towards early detection of abnormal behaviors, we propose a simulator-based detection systems for six typical anomalies: being semi-bedridden, being housebound, forgetting, wandering, fall while walking and fall while standing. Our detection system can be customized for various room layout, sensor arrangement and resident's characteristics by training detection classifiers using the simulator with the parameters fitted to individual cases. Considering that the six anomalies that our system detects have various occurrence durations, such as being housebound for weeks or lying still for seconds after a fall, the detection classifiers of our system produce anomaly labels depending on each anomaly's occurrence duration, e.g., housebound per day and falls per second. We propose a method that standardizes the processing of sensor data, and uses a simple detection approach. Although the validity depends on the realism of the simulation, numerical evaluations using sensor data that includes a variety of resident behavior patterns over nine years as test data show that (1) the methods for detecting wandering and falls are comparable to previous methods, and (2) the methods for detecting being semi-bedridden, being housebound, and forgetting achieve a sensitivity of over 0.9 with fewer than one false alarm every 50 days.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a detection system for identifying abnormal behaviors in the elderly, including falls, but it does not involve an exergame or any form of exercise-based intervention. The focus is on using sensors and simulators to detect various types of abnormal behavior, which is not related to the use of exergames to prevent falls.

[Author]   Tang, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Synthetic IMU Datasets and Protocols Can Simplify Fall Detection Experiments and Optimize Sensor Configuration.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON NEURAL SYSTEMS AND REHABILITATION ENGINEERING 32: 1233-1245.
[Abstract] Falls represent a significant cause of injury among the elderly population. Extensive research has been devoted to the utilization of wearable IMU sensors in conjunction with machine learning techniques for fall detection. To address the challenge of acquiring costly training data, this paper presents a novel method that generates a substantial volume of synthetic IMU data with minimal actual fall experiments. First, unmarked 3D motion capture technology is employed to reconstruct human movements. Subsequently, utilizing the biomechanical simulation platform Opensim and forward kinematic methods, an ample amount of training data from various body segments can be custom generated. Synthetic IMU data was then used to train a machine learning model, achieving testing accuracies of 91.99% and 86.62% on two distinct datasets of actual fall-related IMU data. Building upon the simulation framework, this paper further optimized the single IMU attachment position and multiple IMU combinations on fall detection. The proposed method simplifies fall detection data acquisition experiments, provides novel venue for generating low cost synthetic data in scenario where acquiring data for machine learning is challenging and paves the way for customizing machine learning configurations.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on the development and use of synthetic IMU (Inertial Measurement Unit) datasets for fall detection, and it discusses the optimization of sensor configurations. While the target population is the elderly, the intervention does not involve exergames. Instead, it uses wearable sensors and machine learning techniques to detect falls. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Tang, P. and H. Woolley (2023). 
[Title]    Optimizing Urban Children's Outdoor Play Spaces: Affordances, Supervision, and Design Dynamics.
[Journal]  SUSTAINABILITY 15(20).
[Abstract] This research explores how outdoor spaces play a crucial role in providing urban children with opportunities for physical activity and relaxation, together with the supervision of the children's outdoor activities, particularly in densely populated areas with limited open spaces. Effective design of such spaces is vital for creating functional recreational areas within urban landscapes. Drawing from ecological perceptual psychology's theory of affordance, this research examines the positive attributes of environmental affordances, specifically in Beijing's central area. Using a children's park as a case study, systematic observations are conducted to understand the park's potential for diverse play opportunities and facilitating social interactions across age groups. However, the results reveal that the children's park falls short of realizing its affordances fully, restricting available play opportunities. Specific play activities require distinct spatial arrangements influenced by children's ages. Maternal supervision significantly affects children's play experiences. The study also highlights grandparent involvement in overseeing children's outdoor play, revealing differing supervision styles. In conclusion, while fixed play equipment and rubber carpet ground enhance engagement and safety, realizing the complete potential of children's outdoor play spaces demands more inclusive design. The research underscores the intricate interplay between environmental affordances, adult supervision patterns, and children's play experiences, paving the way for further exploration of these dynamic relationships, and contribute to build environmentally and socially sustainable urban environments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on optimizing outdoor play spaces for urban children, examining environmental affordances, and the role of adult supervision. It does not meet any of the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Tang, Y., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Considerations for Using a Gamified, Digital Health Application to Prevent Falls Among Chinese Older Adults Living in the UK Chinese Cultural Context.
[Journal]  Studies in health technology and informatics 315: 738-739.
[Abstract] The purpose of this study was to explore Chinese older adults' experiences of using digital health interventions and their perspectives of a digital falls prevention program (KOKU), to explore acceptability for its use in their daily life. Participants' needs and preferences will be incorporated into the existing KOKU digital program to improve user-experience, engagement and digital inclusion of Chinese older adults living in the UK. Conducting interviews with Chinese older adults in community settings provide a better understanding of cultural factors when co-designing digital health applications.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract describes a study focused on exploring the experiences and perspectives of Chinese older adults regarding the use of digital health interventions, specifically a falls prevention program called KOKU. However, it does not mention that the intervention is an exergame, nor does it indicate that the study includes a randomized controlled trial. The study seems to be more about understanding the acceptability and cultural factors for using a digital health application, rather than reporting the results of an exergame intervention.

[Author]   Taylor, M. J. D. and M. Griffin (2015). 
[Title]    The use of gaming technology for rehabilitation in people with multiple sclerosis.
[Journal]  MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS JOURNAL 21(4): 355-371.
[Abstract] Gaming technology - exergaming - is a novel tool to facilitate exercise, improve balance, and encourage rehabilitation training. This review will describe some of the key exergame research to promote physical activity and its use in rehabilitation in other diseases or clinical populations. We will then describe the current state of research in exergaming in people with multiple sclerosis and describe the theories for the mechanism behind some of the improvements in outcomes seen after using exergaming. Lastly, we will identify gaps in the literature and provide directions for future work in this growing area. The current work is contradictory and there is no consensus with regards to training duration/intensity and the outcomes used to assess the clinical effectiveness. This in part is due to the off-the-shelf nature of the games used. A more satisfactory approach would be the development of bespoke games which match a clinical need. Exergames are seen as enjoyable and could be effective in enhancing adherence to rehabilitation. However, the definitive RCT has yet to be carried out comparing exergaming to traditional exercise.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a review focusing on the use of exergames for rehabilitation in people with multiple sclerosis, not specifically for preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, it does not report results from randomized controlled trials but rather discusses the current state of research and identifies gaps in the literature.

[Author]   Taylor, S., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Use of In-Game Rewards to Motivate Daily Self-Report Compliance: Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INTERNET RESEARCH 21(1).
[Abstract] Background: Encouraging individuals to report daily information such as unpleasant disease symptoms, daily activities and behaviors, or aspects of their physical and emotional state is difficult but necessary for many studies and clinical trials that rely on patient-reported data as primary outcomes. Use of paper diaries is the traditional method of completing daily diaries, but digital surveys are becoming the new standard because of their increased compliance; however, they still fall short of desired compliance levels.Objective: Mobile games using in-game rewards offer the opportunity to increase compliance above the rates of digital diaries and paper diaries. We conducted a 5-week randomized control trial to compare the completion rates of a daily diary across 3 conditions: a paper-based participant-reported outcome diary (Paper PRO), an electronic-based participant-reported outcome diary (ePRO), and a novel ePRO diary with in-game rewards (Game-Motivated ePRO).Methods: We developed a novel mobile game that is a combination of the idle and pet collection genres to reward individuals who complete a daily diary with an in-game reward. Overall, 197 individuals aged 6 to 24 years (male: 100 and female: 97) were enrolled in a 5-week study after being randomized into 1 of the 3 methods of daily diary completion. Moreover, 157 participants (male: 84 and female: 69) completed at least one diary and were subsequently included in analysis of compliance rates.Results: We observed a significant difference (F-2,F-124=6.341; P=.002) in compliance to filling out daily diaries, with the Game-Motivated ePRO group having the highest compliance (mean completion 86.4%, SD 19.6%), followed by the ePRO group (mean completion 77.7%, SD 24.1%), and finally, the Paper PRO group (mean completion 70.6%, SD 23.4%). The Game-Motivated ePRO (P=.002) significantly improved compliance rates above the Paper PRO. In addition, the Game-Motivated ePRO resulted in higher compliance rates than the rates of ePRO alone (P=.09). Equally important, even though we observed significant differences in completion of daily diaries between groups, we did not observe any statistically significant differences in association between the responses to a daily mood question and study group, the average diary completion time (P=.52), or the System Usability Scale score (P=.88).Conclusions: The Game-Motivated ePRO system encouraged individuals to complete the daily diaries above the compliance rates of the Paper PRO and ePRO without altering the participants' responses.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using in-game rewards to motivate daily self-report compliance in a younger population (aged 6 to 24 years) and does not target older people or involve exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Tayouri, D. (2015).
[Title]    The human factor in the social media security -combining education and technology to reduce social engineering risks and damages
[Journal]  6TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON APPLIED HUMAN FACTORS AND ERGONOMICS (AHFE 2015) AND THE AFFILIATED CONFERENCES, AHFE 2015. 3: 1096-1100.
[Abstract] Humansare social creatures and the digital era didn't change this, but it did change the way we communicate. Using social media we have instant access to millions of peoples and we have new ways of interaction. But the social media has security risks. It is used also by criminals for fraud, gathering business intelligence, stealing sensitive information etc. This paper will demonstrate the cyber security risks and mitigations, focusing on the human factor and social media. Formal policy to guide how employees can use social media sites is not enough, and complementary layers are needed: education starting at elementary school, interactive and adaptable training and innovative technology means. To strengthen the human factor, we should put effort in education, starting as early as the first grade, at the age that the children are exposed to the internet. Unusual approaches to cyber security training should be considered, such as interactive video games. But we should also put more effort on technological means of helping humans make fewer errors and avoid falling into cyber traps. Privacy settings can limit access to the user's information. Social media site monitoring tools can help organizations keep track of malicious activities and threats against them. Technology can help to check the reliability of the person suggesting friendship. Social networks can also be used to identify an organization's insider threat, by analyzing the social media content. Combining education and training with best-ofbreed technology may reduce social engineering risks and damages. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on social media security, specifically on how to reduce social engineering risks and damages through a combination of education and technology. The intervention targets are not older people, and the interventions discussed (such as interactive video games) are related to cybersecurity training, not to preventing falls. Additionally, the paper does not report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Tel, A., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Endoscopically assisted computer-guided repair of internal orbital floor fractures: an updated protocol for minimally invasive management.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF CRANIO-MAXILLOFACIAL SURGERY 47(12): 1943-1951.
[Abstract] Background: Performing accurate anatomical reconstruction is a challenging task in the treatment of internal orbital floor fractures. Compared with traditional transcutaneous incisions, endoscopic transmaxillary approaches have the advantage of avoiding complications related to external scars, and provide direct access to the orbital floor. Autogenous bone provides the ideal material for defect reconstruction, but determination of the correct size and shape of the graft is crucial for a stable support. This study introduces a new protocol for the treatment of internal orbital floor fractures that combines endoscopy, virtual reality, and 3D printing. The authors also investigated the impact of computer-aided surgery (CAS) on the overall accuracy of reconstruction in aiming to achieve the triple objective of restoring anatomy, volume, and function.Materials and methods: Fourteen patients with orbital floor fractures were recruited for this study. High-resolution CT scans provided appropriate imaging for detailed orbital floor defect visualization. A virtual reconstruction of the orbital floor defect was developed and a 3D printed template was fabricated to provide intraoperative guidance in the graft harvesting phase, according to the orbital defect. Virtual analyses were conducted to evaluate the accuracy of reconstruction both in terms of graft size and graft orientation.Results: Postoperative CT scans showed that in all cases orbital floor reconstruction was successfully performed, resulting in restoration of the correct globe position. No intraoperative complications occurred. Correspondence of graft size was evaluated using color-coded maps and RMSE, while comparison of angular measurements allowed the authors to relate simulated and actual reconstruction.Conclusions: Orbital floor reconstruction performed via transmaxillary endoscopy is a safe technique, which allows for detailed visualization of the fracture rim, avoids external scars, and permits an easier reduction of the prolapsed orbital content into the overlying orbital cavity. Virtual planning plays an important role in defining the appropriate geometry of the bone graft and establishing the optimal reconstruction strategy. Our preliminary results indicate that virtual planning and 3D printing should become part of an integrated protocol for the endoscopic treatment of orbital floor fractures. (C) 2019 European Association for Cranio-Maxillo-Facial Surgery. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a surgical technique for repairing internal orbital floor fractures using endoscopy, virtual reality, and 3D printing. It does not target older people, nor does it use exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. The study also does not report on randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Tewary, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Design and Development of Virtual Reality Application Implementing Age-Friendly Care and the 4Ms: A Quality Improvement Project.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 21(10).
[Abstract] INTRODUCTION: With an increase in the aging population, the application of evidence-based practice in geriatric education can strengthen knowledge, skills, and clinical experience for healthcare students caring for older adults. The Age-Friendly Health System (AFHS) is one of the frameworks founded on providing evidence-based and low-risk care centered on what matters most to older adults, their families, and caregivers. Virtual reality (VR) platforms are gaining popularity due to their ability to provide an immersive, hands-on learning experience resembling an actual medical practice or care setting. Immersive learning enhances students' sensory perceptions, promoting an innovative and engaging way of acquiring concepts that are difficult to teach in real life. This study aimed to design, develop, implement, and evaluate a case-based training module highlighting AFHS and educating medical students on the 4Ms approach in geriatric care (What Matters, Medication, Mentation, and Mobility).METHODOLOGY: The project was a feasibility study completed in two phases. Phase one included planning and developing a case-based scenario incorporating the 4Ms of AFHS. Phase two included implementing and evaluating the VR training module into the geriatric curriculum for medical students.RESULTS: The final VR case displays a hospital and post-acute setting where an elderly patient is admitted for a hip fracture. Students learn how to triage and treat patients from admission to discharge while demonstrating their knowledge of AFHSs. Approximately 10% of students completed the evaluation survey, and preliminary results indicate significant knowledge change in pre-post scenario-based training on an AFHS.CONCLUSIONS: The VR education platform and embedded scenario promise an innovative adaptation of technology in learning the concepts of the 4Ms of AFHSs. However, future studies should explore VR education with clinical assessment evaluation to ensure competence in providing age-friendly care.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the design, development, and evaluation of a virtual reality (VR) application for educating medical students on geriatric care, specifically focusing on the 4Ms approach in the Age-Friendly Health System (AFHS). While the intervention involves older people as the subject of the case-based training module, it does not target older people as the direct recipients of the intervention. The primary focus is on medical education, and the study is a feasibility study rather than a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Thaler, L., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Mouth-clicks used by blind expert human echolocators - signal description and model based signal synthesis.
[Journal]  PLOS COMPUTATIONAL BIOLOGY 13(8).
[Abstract] Echolocation is the ability to use sound-echoes to infer spatial information about the environment. Some blind people have developed extraordinary proficiency in echolocation using mouth-clicks. The first step of human biosonar is the transmission (mouth click) and subsequent reception of the resultant sound through the ear. Existing head-related transfer function (HRTF) data bases provide descriptions of reception of the resultant sound. For the current report, we collected a large database of click emissions with three blind people expertly trained in echolocation, which allowed us to perform unprecedented analyses. Specifically, the current report provides the first ever description of the spatial distribution (i.e. beam pattern) of human expert echolocation transmissions, as well as spectro-temporal descriptions at a level of detail not available before. Our data show that transmission levels are fairly constant within a 60 degrees cone emanating from the mouth, but levels drop gradually at further angles, more than for speech. In terms of spectro-temporal features, our data show that emissions are consistently very brief (similar to 3ms duration) with peak frequencies 2-4kHz, but with energy also at 10kHz. This differs from previous reports of durations 3-15ms and peak frequencies 2-8kHz, which were based on less detailed measurements. Based on our measurements we propose to model transmissions as sum of monotones modulated by a decaying exponential, with angular attenuation by a modified cardioid. We provide model parameters for each echolocator. These results are a step towards developing computational models of human biosonar. For example, in bats, spatial and spectro-temporal features of emissions have been used to derive and test model based hypotheses about behaviour. The data we present here suggest similar research opportunities within the context of human echolocation. Relatedly, the data are a basis to develop synthetic models of human echolocation that could be virtual (i.e. simulated) or real (i.e. loudspeaker, microphones), and which will help understanding the link between physical principles and human behaviour.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of mouth-clicks for echolocation by blind individuals, which does not meet the criteria for being about exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described (echolocation using mouth-clicks) is not an exergame, and the target population (blind individuals) is not specifically older people. Additionally, the study focuses on signal description and synthesis rather than a randomized controlled trial aimed at fall prevention.

[Author]   Thalmann, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Usability Study of a Multicomponent Exergame Training for Older Adults with Mobility Limitations.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 18(24).
[Abstract] The global population aged 60 years and over rises due to increasing life expectancy. More older adults suffer from "geriatric giants". Mobility limitations, including immobility and instability, are usually accompanied by physical and cognitive decline, and can be further associated with gait changes. Improvements in physical and cognitive functions can be achieved with virtual reality exergame environments. This study investigated the usability of the newly developed VITAAL exergame in mobility-impaired older adults aged 60 years and older. Usability was evaluated with a mixed-methods approach including a usability protocol, the System Usability Scale, and a guideline-based interview. Thirteen participants (9 female, 80.5 +/- 4.9 years, range: 71-89) tested the exergame and completed the measurement. The System Usability Scale was rated in a marginal acceptability range (58.3 +/- 16.5, range: 30-85). The usability protocol and the guideline-based interview revealed general positive usability. The VITAAL exergame prototype received positive feedback and can be considered usable by older adults with mobility limitations. However, minor improvements to the system in terms of design, instructions, and technical aspects should be taken into account. The results warrant testing of the feasibility of the adapted multicomponent VITAAL exergame, and its effects on physical and cognitive functions, in comparison with conventional training, should be studied.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the usability study of a multicomponent exergame for older adults with mobility limitations. While it does target older people and involves an exergame, it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it evaluates the usability of the exergame through a mixed-methods approach, which includes a usability protocol, the System Usability Scale, and a guideline-based interview. The study is more about the acceptability and usability of the exergame rather than its effectiveness in preventing falls, and it does not include the necessary randomized controlled trial data.

[Author]   Thevenot, J., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    A novel methodology for generating 3D finite element models of the hip from 2D radiographs.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 47(2): 438-444.
[Abstract] Finite element (FE) modelling has been proposed as a tool for estimating fracture risk and patientspecific FE models are commonly based on computed tomography (CT). Here, we present a novel method to automatically create personalised 3D models from standard 2D hip radiographs. A set of geometrical parameters of the femur were determined from seven a-p hip radiographs and compared to the 3D femoral shape obtained from CT as training material; the error in reconstructing the 3D model from the 2D radiographs was assessed. Using the geometry parameters as the input, the 3D shape of another 21 femora was built and meshed, separating a cortical and trabecular compartment. The material properties were derived from the homogeneity index assessed by texture analysis of the radiographs, with focus on the principal tensile and compressive trabecular systems. The ability of these FE models to predict failure load as determined by experimental biomechanical testing was evaluated and compared to the predictive ability of DXA. The average reconstruction error of the 3D models was 1.77 mm ( +/- 1.17 mm), with the error being smallest in the femoral head and neck, and greatest in the trochanter. The correlation of the FE predicted failure load with the experimental failure load was r(2)=64% for the reconstruction FE model, which was significantly better (p < 0.05) than that for DXA (r(2)=24%). This novel method for automatically constructing a patient-specific 3D finite element model from standard 2D radiographs shows encouraging results in estimating patient-specific failure loads. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a novel methodology for generating 3D finite element models of the hip from 2D radiographs. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention. The focus is on the technical development and validation of a modeling method, which is unrelated to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Threapleton, K., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Virtually home: Feasibility study and pilot randomised controlled trial of a virtual reality intervention to support patient discharge after stroke.
[Journal]  BRITISH JOURNAL OF OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY 81(4): 196-206.
[Abstract] Introduction Virtual reality has the potential to assist occupational therapists in preparing patients for discharge by facilitating discussions and providing education about relevant practical issues and safety concerns. This study aimed to explore the feasibility of using a virtual reality intervention to support patient discharge after stroke and pilot its use.Method Practical aspects of delivering a virtual reality intervention prior to discharge were explored by means of a non-randomised feasibility study and a subsequent pilot randomised controlled trial. Factors considered included eligibility, recruitment, intervention delivery, attrition and suitability of outcome measures. Outcome measures included standardised assessments of stroke severity, mobility, health-related quality of life, functional ability, satisfaction with services and concerns about falling.Results Thirty-three participants were recruited in total: 17 to the feasibility study and 16 to the pilot trial. At 1-month follow-up, 14 participants (82%) were re-assessed in the feasibility study and 12 (75%) in the pilot trial. The main difficulties encountered related to recruitment, particularly regarding post-stroke cognitive impairments, the presence of mild deficits or illness.Conclusion It was feasible to recruit and retain participants, deliver the intervention and collect outcome measures, despite slow recruitment rates. These findings could inform the design of a definitive trial.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using a virtual reality intervention to support patient discharge after stroke, and it includes both a feasibility study and a pilot randomized controlled trial. While the intervention involves virtual reality, the primary goal is to facilitate discussions and provide education about practical issues and safety concerns related to discharge, rather than specifically targeting fall prevention in older people. Additionally, the study population is not exclusively elderly, but rather patients who have had a stroke.

[Author]   Thuilier, E., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Virtual rehabilitation for patients with osteoporosis or other musculoskeletal disorders: a systematic review.
[Journal]  VIRTUAL REALITY 28(2).
[Abstract] This study aims to identify effective ways to design virtual rehabilitation to obtain physical improvement (e.g. balance and gait) and support engagement (i.e. motivation) for people with osteoporosis or other musculoskeletal disorders. Osteoporosis is a systemic skeletal disorder and is among the most prevalent diseases globally, affecting 0.5 billion adults. Despite the fact that the number of people with osteoporosis is similar to, or greater than those diagnosed with cardiovascular disease and dementia, osteoporosis does not receive the same recognition. Worldwide, osteoporosis causes 8.9 million fractures annually; it is associated with substantial pain, suffering, disability and increased mortality. The importance of physical therapy as a rehabilitation strategy to avoid osteoporosis fracture cannot be over-emphasised. However, the main rehabilitation challenges relate to engagement and participation. The use of virtual rehabilitation to address such challenges in the delivery of physical improvement is gaining in popularity. As there currently is a paucity of literature applying virtual rehabilitation to patients with osteoporosis, the authors broadened the search parameters to include articles relating to the virtual rehabilitation of other skeletal disorders (e.g. Ankylosing spondylitis, spinal cord injury, motor rehabilitation, etc.). This systematic review initially identified 130 titles, from which 23 articles (involving 539 participants) met all eligibility and selection criteria. Four groups of devices supporting virtual rehabilitation were identified: a head-mounted display, a balance board, a camera and more specific devices. Each device supported physical improvement (i.e. balance, muscle strength and gait) post-training. This review has shown that: (a) each device allowed improvement with different degrees of immersion, (b) the technology choice is dependent on the care need and (c) virtual rehabilitation can be equivalent to and enhance conventional therapy and potentially increase the patient's engagement with physical therapy.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the paper discusses virtual rehabilitation and its potential benefits for patients with osteoporosis or other musculoskeletal disorders, it is not specifically focused on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Thurzo, A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Pierre Robin Sequence and 3D Printed Personalized Composite Appliances in Interdisciplinary Approach.
[Journal]  POLYMERS 14(18).
[Abstract] This paper introduces a complex novel concept and methodology for the creation of personalized biomedical appliances 3D-printed from certified biocompatible photopolymer resin Dental LT Clear (V2). The explained workflow includes intraoral and CT scanning, patient virtualization, digital appliance design, additive manufacturing, and clinical application with evaluation of the appliance intended for patients with cranio-facial syndromes. The presented concept defines virtual 3D fusion of intraoral optical scan and segmented CT as sufficient and accurate data defining the 3D surface of the face, intraoral and airway morphology necessary for the 3D design of complex personalized intraoral and extraoral parts of the orthopedic appliance. A central aspect of the concept is a feasible utilization of composite resin for biomedical prototyping of the sequence of marginally different appliances necessary to keep the pace with the patient rapid growth. Affordability, noninvasiveness, and practicality of the appliance update process shall be highlighted. The methodology is demonstrated on a particular case of two-year-old infant with Pierre Robin sequence. Materialization by additive manufacturing of this photopolymer provides a highly durable and resistant-to-fracture two-part appliance similar to a Tubingen palatal plate, for example. The paper concludes with the viability of the described method and material upon interdisciplinary clinical evaluation of experts from departments of orthodontics and cleft anomalies, pediatric pneumology and phthisiology, and pediatric otorhinolaryngology.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of 3D-printed personalized composite appliances for patients with cranio-facial syndromes, specifically Pierre Robin Sequence. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Tinga, A. M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Development and evaluation of a human machine interface to support mode awareness in different automated driving modes.
[Journal]  TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH PART F-TRAFFIC PSYCHOLOGY AND BEHAVIOUR 92: 238-254.
[Abstract] With increasing implementation of automated driving technology it is expected that different automation modes will be present within the same vehicle and within a single trip. At all times during automated driving the driver needs to have 'mode awareness', which is an understanding of the automation mode and the corresponding responsibilities. Yet, research on HMI design to support mode awareness for multiple automation modes within a single vehicle and within a single trip is currently limited. The current work describes the development and evaluation of a Human Machine Interface (HMI) to support mode awareness while driving in different automation modes. The work exists of three phases: Phase 1 defines functional requirements for HMI design based on literature review and 5 experimental studies including 146 participants. Phase 2 implements the functional requirements in HMI design through expert and focus group sessions. Phase 3 evaluates and improves upon the HMI design employing virtual reality and the RITE (Rapid Iterative Testing and Evaluation) method with 18 participants. The result is a continuous and holistic HMI design creating mode awareness through ambience. Findings from Phase 3 and previous research indicate that this HMI is comprehended well, with a relatively low task load, and with a good experienced system usability. It is important to additionally evaluate the HMI design resulting from the current study in driving simulators and in on-road tests. Such tests will provide an opportunity to verify and expand on the current study's findings and to contribute to guidelines for HMI design.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and evaluation of a Human Machine Interface (HMI) to support mode awareness in different automated driving modes. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls. The study focuses on HMI design for drivers using automated vehicles, which is unrelated to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Tiwari, A., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Using machine learning to develop a novel COVID-19 Vulnerability Index(C19VI).
[Journal]  SCIENCE OF THE TOTAL ENVIRONMENT 773.
[Abstract] COVID-19 is now one of the most leading causes of death in the United States (US). Systemic health, social and economic disparities have put the minorities and economically poor communities at a higher risk than others. There is an immediate requirement to develop a reliable measure of county-level vulnerabilities that can capture the heterogeneity of vulnerable communities. This study reports a COVID-19 Vulnerability Index (C19VI) for identifying and mapping vulnerable counties. We proposed a Random Forest machine learning-based vulnerability model using CDC's socio demographic and COVID-19-specific themes. An innovative 'COVID-19 Impact Assessment' algorithm was also developed for evaluating severity of the pandemic and to train the vulnerability model. Developed C19VI was statistically validated and compared with the CDC COVID-19 Community Vulnerability Index(CCVI). Finally, using C19VI and the census data, we explored racial inequalities and economic disparities in COVID-19 health outcomes. Our index indicates that 575 counties (45million people) fall into the 'veryhigh' vulnerability class, 765 counties (66 million people) in the 'high' vulnerability class, and 1435 counties(204 million people) in the 'moderate' or 'low' vulnerability class. Only 367 counties (20 million people) were found as 'verylow' vulnerable areas. Furthermore, C19VI reveals that 524 counties with a racial minority population higher than 13% and 420 counties with poverty higher than 20% are in the 'veryhigh' or 'high' vulnerability classes. The C19VI aims at helping public health officials and disaster management agencies to develop effective mitigation strategies especially for the disproportionately impacted communities. (C) 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a vulnerability index for assessing the risk of COVID-19 in different communities. It does not meet any of the criteria related to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Tobler-Ammann, B. C., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Concurrent validity and test-retest reliability of the Virtual Peg Insertion Test to quantify upper limb function in patients with chronic stroke.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 13.
[Abstract] Background: Measuring arm and hand function of the affected side is vital in stroke rehabilitation. Therefore, the Virtual Peg Insertion Test (VPIT), an assessment combining virtual reality and haptic feedback during a goal-oriented task derived from the Nine Hole Peg Test (NHPT), was developed. This study aimed to evaluate (1) the concurrent validity of key outcome measures of the VPIT, namely the execution time and the number of dropped pegs, with the NHPT and Box and Block Test (BBT), and (2) the test-retest-reliability of these parameters together with the VPIT's additional kinetic and kinematic parameters in patients with chronic stroke. The three tests were administered on 31 chronic patients with stroke in one session (concurrent validity), and the VPIT was retested in a second session 3-7 days later (test-retest reliability). Spearman rank correlation coefficients (rho) were calculated for assessing concurrent validity, and intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) were used to determine relative reliability. Bland-Altman plots were drawn and the smallest detectable difference (SDD) was calculated to examine absolute reliability.Results: For the 31 included patients, 11 were able to perform the VPIT solely via use of their affected arm, whereas 20 patients also had to utilize support from their unaffected arm. For n = 31, the VPIT showed low correlations with the NHPT (rho = 0.31 for time (T-ex[s]); rho = 0.21 for number of dropped pegs (N-dp)) and BBT (rho = -0.23 for number of transported cubes (N-tc); rho = -0.12 for number of dropped cubes (N-dc)). The test-retest reliability for the parameters Tex[s], mean grasping force (F(g)go[N]), number of zero-crossings (N(zc[1/s)go/return) and mean collision force (F-cmean[N]) were good to high, with ICCs ranging from 0.83 to 0.94. Fair reliability could be found for F(g)return (ICC = 0.75) and trajectory error (E(traj)go[cm]) (0.70). Poor reliability was measured for E(traj)return[cm] (0.67) and N-dp (0.58). The SDDs were: T-ex = 70.2 s, N-dp = 0.4 pegs; F(g)go/return = 3.5/1.2 Newton; N(zc[1/s])go/return = 0.2/1.8 zero-crossings; E(traj)go/return = 3.5/1.2 Newton; N(zc[1/s])go/return = 0.2/1.8 zero-crossings; E(traj)go/return = 0.5/0.8 cm; F-cmean = 0.7 Newton.Conclusions: The VPIT is a promising upper limb function assessment for patients with stroke requiring other components of upper limb motor performance than the NHPT and BBT. The high intra-subject variation indicated that it is a demanding test for this stroke sample, which necessitates a thorough introduction to this assessment. Once familiar, the VPIT provides more objective and comprehensive measurements of upper limb function than conventional, non-computerized hand assessments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the validation and reliability of the Virtual Peg Insertion Test (VPIT) for assessing upper limb function in patients with chronic stroke. It does not focus on using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study evaluates the VPIT's concurrent validity and test-retest reliability, but it does not meet the criteria of being an intervention aimed at preventing falls in older people.

[Author]   Todorov, S., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Epidemiological Study of Traumatic Brain and Spinal Injuries in a Pediatric Population: A One-Year Analysis of Prevalence, Causes and Trends.
[Journal]  CUREUS JOURNAL OF MEDICAL SCIENCE 16(3).
[Abstract] Background Traumatic brain injury (TBI) and spinal cord injury (SCI) are leading causes of morbidity and mortality in pediatric patients. However, the epidemiology of pediatric brain and spine injuries in Bulgaria is poorly documented. This study aims to analyze and identify the prevalence, causes, and trends of traumatic brain and spinal cord injuries in pediatric patients during the period of 1st June 2022 to 30th June 2023. Methods A retrospective study was conducted on the medical records of patients under 18 years of age who visited the emergency department of University Multiprofile Hospital for Active Treatment (UMHAT) Burgas, Bulgaria between 1st June 2022 and 30th June 2023. The incidence and etiology were stratified by age, gender, and anamnesis. Data processing and analysis were performed with the statistical package IBM SPSS v. 26.0 (IBM Corp., Armonk, NY, USA), and graphical analysis with MS Office Excel 2016 (Microsoft, Redmond, WA, USA). Means +/- standard deviation and 95% confidence interval were calculated. All p-values less than 0.05 were considered indicative of statistical significance. Results Data for patients aged <18 years, admitted to the emergency department (ED) of UMHAT Burgas, Bulgaria from 1st June 2022 to 30th June 2023 were analyzed (n=38504). Of these patients, 32% were children (n=13857). One hundred thirty-four (0.3%) of the pediatric patients were hospitalized in the neurosurgical ward, and 4653 (10.7%) were hospitalized in other wards. Of the analyzed patients, 89 are boys (66.4%), 45 are girls (33.6%) (male-female ratio 2:1) and the mean age of the patients with a head trauma was 8.07 years old. The average number of patients by diagnosis is 13.4 +/- 35.37. The largest percent are patients with brain concussion (85.07%, n=114), followed by contusion of the nerve roots in the lumbar region or late contusion wound of the head (with 2.99% each, n=4); hydrocephalus or skull fracture (with 2.24% each, n=3); contusion of the nerve roots in the thoracic region (1.49%, n=2); and fracture at Th9 vertebrae, fracture at C2 vertebrae, brain trauma or brain tumor (with 0.75% each, n=1). The average number of patients by anamnesis is 13.2 +/- 17.99. The largest percent are patients who fall from their own height (44.78%, n=60); followed by falls from height (20.90%, n=28); car accident (7.46%, n=10); injured by fight, fall from a bicycle or incident during a football game (with 5.97% each, n=8); fall from electric scooter (4.48%, n=6); hit in the closet (2.99%, n=4); and finally from bike accident or hit by a rock (with 0.75% each, n=1). From 134 hospitalized patients in neurosurgery, 114 (85.07%) did not require surgical treatment and were treated with conservative treatment and 20 (14.93%) were treated surgically. Conclusion In conclusion, this study highlights a significant burden of pediatric traumatic brain and spinal injuries in Bulgaria. The majority of cases were managed conservatively, emphasizing the need for preventive measures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the epidemiological study of traumatic brain and spinal injuries in a pediatric population. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, as it focuses on a different age group (pediatric) and does not involve any exergame interventions.

[Author]   Tollar, J., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Exercise Effects on Multiple Sclerosis Quality of Life and Clinical-Motor Symptoms.
[Journal]  MEDICINE & SCIENCE IN SPORTS & EXERCISE 52(5): 1007-1014.
[Abstract] IntroductionDifferent therapies can improve clinical and motor symptoms of multiple sclerosis (MS) similarly, but studies comparing the effects of different exercise therapies on clinical and motor outcomes are scant. We compared the effects of exergaming (EXE), balance (BAL), cycling (CYC), proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation (PNF), and a standard care wait-listed control group (CON) on clinical and motor symptoms and quality of life (QoL) in people with MS (PwMS). MethodsPwMS (n = 68, 90% female; age, 47.0 yr; Expanded Disability Status Scale score 5-6) were randomized into five groups. Before and after the interventions (five times a week for 5 wk), PwMS were tested for MS-related clinical and motor symptoms (Multiple Sclerosis Impact Scale-29 (MSIS-29), primary outcome), QoL (EuroQol Five Dimensions Questionnaire), symptoms of depression, gait and balance ability (Tinetti Assessment Tool), static and dynamic balance and fall risk (Berg Balance Scale), walking capacity (6-min walk test), and standing posturography on a force platform. ResultsEXE, BAL, and CYC improved the MSIS-29 scores similarly. EXE and CYC improved QoL and walking capacity similarly but more than BAL. Only EXE improved gait and balance scores (Tinetti Assessment Tool). EXE and BAL improved fall risk and standing balance similarly but more than CYC. PNF and CON revealed no changes. The EuroQol Five Dimensions Questionnaire moderated the exercise effects on the MSIS-29 scores only in EXE. Changes in QoL and changes in the MSIS-29 scores correlated (R-2 = 0.73) only in EXE. ConclusionIn conclusion, BAL and CYC but EXE in particular, but not PNF, can improve clinical and motor symptoms and QoL in PwMS (Expanded Disability Status Scale score 5 to 6), expanding the evidence-based exercise options to reduce mobility limitations in PwMS.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effects of different exercise therapies, including exergaming, on clinical and motor symptoms and quality of life in people with multiple sclerosis (MS). The intervention targets are people with MS, not older people. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Tomblin, B. T., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Characterization of On-Field Head Impact Exposure in Youth Soccer.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF APPLIED BIOMECHANICS 37(1): 36-42.
[Abstract] The objective of this research was to characterize head impacts with a validated mouthpiece sensor in competitive youth female soccer players during a single season with a validated mouthpiece sensor. Participants included 14 youth female soccer athletes across 2 club-level teams at different age levels (team 1. ages 12-13 y; team 2, ages 14-15 y). Head impact and time-synchronized video data were collected for 66 practices and games. Video data were reviewed to characterize the type and frequency of contact experienced by each athlete. A total of 2216 contact scenarios were observed; heading the ball (n = 681, 30.7%) was most common. Other observed contact scenarios included collisions, dives, falls, and unintentional ball contact. Team 1 experienced a higher rate of headers per player per hour of play than team 2, while team 2 experienced a higher rate of collisions and dives. A total of 935 video-verified contact scenarios were concurrent with recorded head kinematics. While headers resulted in a maximum linear acceleration of 56.1g, the less frequent head-to-head collisions (n = 6) resulted in a maximum of 113.5g. The results of this study improve the understanding of head impact exposure in youth female soccer players and inform head impact exposure reduction in youth soccer.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about characterizing head impact exposure in youth female soccer players. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are youth, and the focus is on head impacts, not on exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Tosserams, A., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Cortical Correlates of Gait Compensation Strategies in Parkinson Disease.
[Journal]  ANNALS OF NEUROLOGY 91(3): 329-341.
[Abstract] Objective Gait impairment in persons with Parkinson disease is common and debilitating. Compensation strategies (eg, external cues) are an essential part of rehabilitation, but their underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Using electroencephalography (EEG), we explored the cortical correlates of 3 categories of strategies: external cueing, internal cueing, and action observation. Methods Eighteen participants with Parkinson disease and gait impairment were included. We recorded 126-channel EEG during both stance and gait on a treadmill under 4 conditions: (1) uncued, (2) external cueing (listening to a metronome), (3) internal cueing (silent rhythmic counting), and (4) action observation (observing another person walking). To control for the effects of sensory processing of the cues, we computed relative power changes as the difference in power spectral density between walking and standing for each condition. Results Relative to uncued gait, the use of all 3 compensation strategies induced a decrease of beta band activity in sensorimotor areas, indicative of increased cortical activation. Parieto-occipital alpha band activity decreased with external and internal cueing, and increased with action observation. Only internal cueing induced a change in frontal cortical activation, showing a decrease of beta band activity compared to uncued gait. Interpretation The application of compensation strategies resulted in changed cortical activity compared to uncued gait, which could not be solely attributed to sensory processing of the cueing modality. Our findings suggest there are multiple routes to control gait, and different compensation strategies seem to rely on different cortical mechanisms to achieve enhanced central motor activation in persons with Parkinson disease. ANN NEUROL 2022
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the cortical correlates of gait compensation strategies in individuals with Parkinson's disease using external cues, internal cues, and action observation. It does not involve exergames, and it is not specifically aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. Additionally, the study design is not a randomized controlled trial focused on an exergame intervention.

[Author]   Totiliene, M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Impaired Subjective Visual Vertical and Increased Visual Dependence in Older Adults With Falls.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 13.
[Abstract] Aging affects the vestibular system and may disturb the perception of verticality and lead to increased visual dependence (VD). Studies have identified that abnormal upright perception influences the risk of falling. The aim of our study was to evaluate subjective visual vertical (SVV) and VD using a mobile virtual reality-based system for SVV assessment (VIRVEST) in older adults with falls and evaluate its relationship with clinical balance assessment tools, dizziness, mental state, and depression level. This study included 37 adults >65 years who experienced falls and 40 non-faller age-matched controls. Three tests were performed using the VIRVEST system: a static SVV, dynamic SVV with clockwise and counter-clockwise background stimulus motion. VD was calculated as the mean of absolute values of the rod tilt from each trial of dynamic SVV minus the mean static SVV rod tilt. Older adults who experienced falls manifested significantly larger biases in static SVV (p = 0.012), dynamic SVV (p < 0.001), and VD (p = 0.014) than controls. The increase in static SVV (odds ratio = 1.365, p = 0.023), dynamic SVV (odds ratio = 1.623, p < 0.001) and VD (odds ratio = 1.460, p = 0.010) tilt by one degree significantly related to falls risk in the faller group. Fallers who had a high risk of falling according to the Tinetti test exhibited significantly higher tilts of dynamic SVV than those who had a low or medium risk (p = 0.037). In the faller group, the increase of the dynamic SVV tilt by one degree was significantly related to falls risk according to the Tinetti test (odds ratio = 1.356, p = 0.049). SVV errors, particularly with the dynamic SVV test (i.e., greater VD) were associated with an increased risk of falling in the faller group. The VIRVEST system may be applicable in clinical settings for SVV testing and predicting falls in older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on evaluating subjective visual vertical (SVV) and visual dependence (VD) using a mobile virtual reality-based system (VIRVEST) in older adults with and without a history of falls. While the study does involve a virtual reality system, it is used for assessment rather than as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not describe a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls through exergames.

[Author]   Toyoda, H., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Associations between physical function, falls, and the fear of falling among older adults participating in a community-based physical exercise program: A longitudinal multilevel modeling study.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF GERONTOLOGY AND GERIATRICS 102.
[Abstract] Objectives: Exercises that target muscle strength, balance, and gait prevent falls in older people. Moreover, exercise may reduce fear of falling by improving physical function. Many studies have examined the risk factors for falls and fear of falling separately. However, few studies have examined the associations between physical function, falls, and fear of falling simultaneously. This study aimed to identify the key physical functions influencing falls and fear of falling.Design: Longitudinal observational studySetting and participants: This study included 2,397 older adults (women: 82.8%, mean age: 74.3 +/- 8.0 years) who participated in community-based physical exercise.Methods: Physical functions such as muscle strength, balance, gait speed, and flexibility were measured regularly during the program. A questionnaire regarding falls and fear of falling was also administered simultaneously. Multilevel modeling was used to investigate the association between physical function and falls and fear of falling.Results: The prevalence of falls and fear of falling at enrolment were 27.1% and 49.8%, respectively. Statistical analyses revealed that (1) falls were significantly associated with balance, age, fall history, fear of falling, and duration of participation; (2) fear of falling was significantly associated with muscle strength, balance, gait speed, age, and fall history. Long-term participation was significantly associated with an improvement in balance.Conclusions and implications: The risk factors for falls and fear of falling were different. Our research showed the importance of including balance training in all prevention programs.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described is a community-based physical exercise program, and there is no mention of exergames, virtual reality, video games, or electronic games. Additionally, the study design is a longitudinal observational study, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Tragantzopoulou, P. and V. Giannouli (2024). 
[Title]    Spatial Orientation Assessment in the Elderly: A Comprehensive Review of Current Tests.
[Journal]  BRAIN SCIENCES 14(9).
[Abstract] Spatial orientation and navigation are complex cognitive functions that integrate sensory information, attention, and memory, enabling individuals to locate themselves in their environment. These abilities decline with age, signaling cognitive impairment in neurological patients, and significantly limit the autonomy of the elderly. Current neuropsychological assessments fall short in accurately measuring everyday wayfinding abilities, particularly in borderline cases of cognitive decline. This paper reviews various neuropsychological assessments, including Benton's Judgment of Line Orientation Test, the Almeria Spatial Memory Recognition Test, the Spatial Span subtest from the Wechsler Memory Scale, and the Spatial Orientation in Immersive Virtual Environment Maze Test, evaluating their effectiveness in delineating spatial orientation and navigation skills. The review identifies significant gaps in the validity and reliability of these tests, particularly in their shortened versions, and highlights the potential of virtual reality environments as promising tools for improving diagnostic precision. The findings underscore the need for further research to refine these tools, ensuring they accurately capture cognitive decline and improve the differential diagnosis of neurodegenerative conditions like Alzheimer's disease. Such advancements hold promise for enhancing the quality of care and autonomy for the elderly.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a review of current neuropsychological assessments for spatial orientation in the elderly. It does not describe an intervention using exergames, nor does it report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it focuses on evaluating the effectiveness of various tests and highlights the potential of virtual reality environments for future research. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Treal, T., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Combining trunk movement and facial expression enhances the perceived intensity and believability of an avatar's pain expression.
[Journal]  COMPUTERS IN HUMAN BEHAVIOR 112.
[Abstract] The use of computer-generated characters (avatars) is increasingly being used to study emotion and social cognition in humans, as it offers a highly controllable, yet potentially interactive experimental set-up. However, avatars often fall short at conveying credible emotions. This study explored the interaction between body motion and facial expression on the perceived intensity and believability of an avatar's pain expression. Adults were shown videos of an agematched avatar displaying facial expressions of pain while the body was static or while the trunk was oscillating at varied amplitudes, which represented human dynamic equilibrium (idle motion) or trunk rocking expressing a sustained pain (pain behavior). Pupil size was recorded during the task as an objective marker of emotional reaction. Results showed that the avatar's pain was perceived to be more intense and more believable in the presence of both idle motion and trunk rocking than in the static condition. Pupil dilated more when facial pain expression was combined with trunk rocking than in the static and idle conditions. This work demonstrated the critical role of idle motion when creating dynamical pain-expressing avatars, as well as the potentiating effect of body motion when combined with facial expression on the perception of avatar's pain.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the interaction between body motion and facial expression in avatars to enhance the perceived intensity and believability of pain expressions. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Trinh, T., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Targeted upper-limb Wii-based Movement Therapy also improves lower-limb muscle activation and functional movement in chronic stroke.
[Journal]  DISABILITY AND REHABILITATION 39(19): 1939-1949.
[Abstract] Purpose: Post-stroke hemiparesis may manifest as asymmetric gait, poor balance, and inefficient movement patterns. We investigated improvements in lower-limb muscle activation and function during Wii-based Movement Therapy (WMT), a rehabilitation program specifically targeting upper-limb motorfunction.Methods: Electromyography (EMG) was recorded bilaterally from tibialis anterior (TA) in 20 stroke patients during a 14-day WMT program. EMG amplitude and burst duration were analyzed during stereotypical movement sequences of WMT activities. Functional movement ability was assessed pre-and post-therapy including 6-min walk test (6MWT), stair-climbing speed, and Wolf Motor Function Test timed-tasks.Results: TA EMG burst duration during Wii-golf increased by 30% on the more-affected side (p = 0.04) and decreased by 28% on the less-affected side. Patients who did not step during Wii-tennis had a 16% decrease in more-affected TA burst sum (p = 0.047) resulting in more symmetrical activation ratio at latetherapy, with the ratio changing from 3.24 +/- 2.25 to 0.99 +/- 0.11 (p = 0.047). Six-minute walk and stair-climbing speed improved (p = 0.005 and 0.03, respectively), as did upper-limb movement (p = 0.001).Conclusion: This study provides physiological evidence for lower-limb improvements with WMT. Different patterns of muscle activation changes were evident across the WMT activities. Despite the relatively good pre-therapy lower-limb function, muscle activation and symmetry improved significantly with upperlimb WMT.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of Wii-based Movement Therapy (WMT) to improve lower-limb muscle activation and functional movement in stroke patients, not specifically in the elderly. While the intervention does involve an exergame (Wii-based therapy), the primary focus is on stroke rehabilitation, and the study does not target older people as a specific group. Additionally, the primary aim is not to prevent falls, but to improve muscle activation and functional movement.

[Author]   Tripette, J., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    The contribution of Nintendo <i>Wii Fit</i> series in the field of health: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Journal]  PEERJ 5.
[Abstract] Background: Wii Fit was originally designed as a health and fitness interactive training experience for the general public. There are, however, many examples of Wii Fit being utilized in clinical settings. This article aims to identify the contribution of Wii Fit in the field of health promotion and rehabilitation by: (1) identifying the health-related domains for which the Wii Fit series has been tested, (2) clarifying the effect of Wii Fit in those identified health-related domains and (3) quantifying this effect.Method: A systematic literature review was undertaken. The MEDLINE database and Games for Health Journal published content were explored using the search term "Wii-Fit." Occurrences resulting from manual searches on Google and material suggested by experts in the field were also considered. Included articles were required to have measurements from Wii Fit activities for at least one relevant health indicator. The effect of Wii Fit interventions was assessed using meta-analyses for the following outcomes: activity-specific balance confidence score, Berg balance score (BBC) and time-up-and-go test (TUG).Findings: A total of 115 articles highlighted that the Wii Fit has been tested in numerous healthy and pathological populations. Out of these, only a few intervention studies have focused on the prevention of chronic diseases. A large proportion of the studies focus on balance training (N = 55). This systematic review highlights several potential benefits of Wii Fit interventions and these positive observations are supported by meta-analyses data (N = 25). For example, the BBC and the TUG respond to a similar extend to Wii Fit interventions compared with traditional training.Conclusion: Wii Fit has the potential to be used as a rehabilitation tool in different clinical situations. However, the current literature includes relatively few randomized controlled trials in each population. Further research is therefore required.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria of including original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while it discusses the use of Wii Fit for balance training, which can be relevant to fall prevention, it does not specifically focus on the elderly population or fall prevention as its primary intervention target.

[Author]   Trisolini, D. C., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Is action video gaming related to sustained attention of adolescents?
[Journal]  QUARTERLY JOURNAL OF EXPERIMENTAL PSYCHOLOGY 71(5): 1033-1039.
[Abstract] Over the past few years, an increasing number of studies have shown that playing action video games can have positive effects on tasks that involve attention and visuo-spatial cognition (e.g., visual search, enumeration tasks, tracking multiple objects). Although playing action video games can improve several cognitive functions, the intensive interaction with the exciting, challenging, intrinsically stimulating and perceptually appealing game environments may adversely affect other functions, including the ability to maintain attention when the level of stimulation is not as intense. This study investigated whether a relationship existed between action video gaming and sustained attention performance in a sample of 45 Italian teenagers. After completing a questionnaire about their video game habits, participants were divided into Action Video Game Player (AVGP) and Non-Action Video Game Player (NAVGP) groups and underwent cognitive tests. The results confirm previous findings of studies of AVGPs as they had significantly enhanced performance for instantly enumerating a set of items. Nevertheless, we found that the drop in performance over time, typical of a sustained attention task, was significantly greater in the AVGP compared with the NAVGP group. This result is consistent with our hypothesis and demonstrates a negative effect of playing action video games.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the relationship between action video gaming and sustained attention in adolescents, and does not meet the criteria for the intervention targets (older people), the type of intervention (exergames), or the context (fall prevention).

[Author]   Trueblood, P. R., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Age-based normative data for a computerized dynamic posturography system that uses a virtual visual surround environment.
[Journal]  ACTA OTO-LARYNGOLOGICA 138(7): 597-602.
[Abstract] Background: Computerized dynamic posturography (CDP) is the gold standard to differentiate between sensory, motor, and central adaptive impairments to postural control.Objective: To obtain normative values in healthy adults age 20-69 for a CDP system that uses a full-field dynamic visual surround. This is in contrast to the mechanically movable visual surround used in traditional CDP systems.Methods: Fifty healthy adults divided into five age groups were tested during the three test protocols for CDP: sensory organization test (SOT), motor control test (MCT), and adaptation test (ADT). Outcomes were compared across age groups and to published normative CDP values. Repeatability was assessed in five different subjects (23-30 years old) on 2 days, 1 week apart.Results: Most outcomes were comparable to published norms with notable differences in SOT condition 4 and ADT. SOT composite and conditions 4-6, all MCT translations, and ADT toes up showed moderate to good repeatability (r = 0.60 to 0.99). Age group and gender differences were not substantial.Conclusions: Some but not all CDP outcomes with a virtual visual environment were comparable to published norms. The differences are likely related to the virtual surround having a more compelling effect on balance even in conditions with a stationary surround.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about obtaining normative values for a computerized dynamic posturography (CDP) system that uses a virtual visual surround environment. It does not describe an intervention using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on comparing outcomes across different age groups and assessing the repeatability of the CDP system, but it does not meet the criteria for an exergame intervention or a randomized controlled trial aimed at fall prevention.

[Author]   Tsai, Y.-C., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Age-related changes in posture response under a continuous and unexpected perturbation.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 47(2): 482-490.
[Abstract] Aging is a critical factor to influence the functional performance during daily life. Without an appropriate posture control response when experiencing an unexpected external perturbation, fall may occur. A novel six-degree-of freedom platform with motion control protocol was designed to provide a real-life simulation of unexpected disturbance in order to discriminate the age-related changes of the balance control and the recovery ability. Twenty older adults and 20 healthy young adults participated in the study. The subjects stood barefoot on the novel movable platform, data of the center of mass (COM) excursion, joint rotation angle and electromyography (EMG) were recorded and compared. The results showed that the older adults had similar patterns of joint movement and COM excursion as the young adults during the balance reactive-recovery. However, larger proximal joint rotation in elderly group induced larger COM sway envelop and therefore loss of the compensatory strategy of posture recovery. The old adults also presented a lower muscle power. In order to keep an adequate joint stability preventing from falling, the EMG activity was increased, but the asymmetric pattern might be the key reason of unstable postural response. This novel design of moveable platform and test protocol comprised the computerized dynamic posturography (CDP) demonstrate its value to assess the possible sensory, motor, and central adaptive impairments to balance control and could be the training tool for posture inability person. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on age-related changes in posture response under continuous and unexpected perturbations using a novel six-degree-of-freedom platform, but it does not involve an exergame intervention. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Tuan, S.-H., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Assessing the Clinical Effectiveness of an Exergame-BasedExercise Training Program Using Ring Fit Adventure to Preventand Postpone Frailty and Sarcopenia Among Older Adults in RuralLong-Term Care Facilities:Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INTERNET RESEARCH 26.
[Abstract] Background: Frailty and sarcopenia are geriatric syndromes of increasing concern and are associated with adverse healthoutcomes. They are more prevalent among long-term care facility (LTCF) users than among community dwellers. Exercise, especially multicomponent and progressive resistance training, is essential for managing these conditions. However, LTCFs, particularly in rural areas, face challenges in implementing structured exercise programs due to health care professional shortages. Moreover, older adults often become bored with repetitive exercise training and may lose interest over time. The Nintendo SwitchRing Fit Adventure (RFA) exergame is a novel exergame that combines resistance, aerobic, and balance exercises and offers apotential solution by boosting motivation in an immersive manner and reducing staff intervention needs. Objective: We aimed to evaluate the clinical effectiveness of an exergame-based exercise training program delivered via RFA(exergame-RFA) in improving muscle mass and functional performance among older adult LTCF users. Methods: This was a randomized controlled trial conducted from August 2022 to September 2023 and involved older adultLTCF users (aged >= 60 y) in rural southern Taiwan. Participants were randomized into an intervention group (exergame-RFAplus standard care) or a control group (standard care alone). The intervention, conducted seated with arm fit skillsand trunkcontrol exercises using the RFA, lasted 30 minutes twice weekly over 12 weeks. The primary outcomes measured were the Studyof Osteoporotic Fractures index (serving as an indicator of frailty status) and the diagnostic criteria for sarcopenia (appendicularskeletal muscle mass index, handgrip strength, and gait speed). The secondary outcomes included functional performance (boxand block test as well as maximum voluntary isometric contraction of the dominant upper extremity), muscle condition (musclethickness measured using ultrasonography), activities of daily living (Kihon checklist), health-related quality of life (Short FormHealth Survey-36), and cognitive function (brain health test). We used an intention-to-treat analysis, incorporating a simpleimputation technique in statistical analysis. A mixed ANOVA, with time as a within-participant factor and intervention as abetween-participant factor, was used to compare the training effects on outcomes Results: We recruited 96 individuals, of whom 60 (62%) underwent randomization. Of these 60 participants, 55 (92%) completedthe study. Significant groupxtime interactions were observed in the intervention group in all primary outcomes (all P<.001, exceptP=.01 for handgrip strength) and most secondary outcomes, including maximum voluntary isometric contraction of the biceps(P=.004) and triceps brachii (P<.001) muscles, biceps muscle thickness measured using ultrasonography (P<.001), box and blocktest (P<.001), Kihon checklist (physical function: P=.01, mood status: P=.003, and total: P=.003), and brain health test (P<.001). Conclusions: The exergame-RFA intervention significantly improved muscle mass, strength, and functional performance amongolder adult users of rural LTCFs, offering a novel approach to addressing frailty and sarcopenia.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. While the paper does involve an exergame (Ring Fit Adventure) and targets older adults in long-term care facilities, the primary focus is on preventing and postponing frailty and sarcopenia. The paper does not specifically address the prevention of falls, which is a key criterion for your question. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Tuena, C., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Technology-Assisted Cognitive Motor Dual-Task Rehabilitation in Chronic Age-Related Conditions: Systematic Review.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INTERNET RESEARCH 25.
[Abstract] Background: Cognitive-motor dual-task (CMDT) is defined as the parallel processing of motor (eg, gait) and cognitive (eg, executive functions) activities and is an essential ability in daily life. Older adults living with frailty, chronic conditions (eg, neurodegenerative diseases), or multimorbidity pay high costs during CMDT. This can have serious consequences on the health and safety of older adults with chronic age-related conditions. However, CMDT rehabilitation can provide useful and effective therapies for these patients, particularly if delivered through technological devices.Objective: This review aims to describe the current technological applications, CMDT rehabilitative procedures, target populations, condition assessment, and efficacy and effectiveness of technology-assisted CMDT rehabilitation in chronic age-related conditions.Methods: We performed this systematic review, following PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) guidelines, on 3 databases (Web of Science, Embase, and PubMed). Original articles that were published in English; involved older adults (>65 years) with >= 1 chronic condition and/or frailty; and tested, with a clinical trial, a technology-assisted CMDT rehabilitation against a control condition were included. Risk of bias (Cochrane tool) and the RITES (Rating of Included Trials on the Efficacy-Effectiveness Spectrum) tool were used to evaluate the included studies.Results: A total of 1097 papers were screened, and 8 (0.73%) studies met the predefined inclusion criteria for this review. The target conditions for technology-assisted CMDT rehabilitation included Parkinson disease and dementia. However, little information regarding multimorbidity, chronicity, or frailty status is available. The primary outcomes included falls, balance, gait parameters, dual-task performance, and executive functions and attention. CMDT technology mainly consists of a motion-tracking system combined with virtual reality. CMDT rehabilitation involves different types of tasks (eg, obstacle negotiation and CMDT exercises). Compared with control conditions, CMDT training was found to be pleasant, safe, and effective particularly for dual-task performances, falls, gait, and cognition, and the effects were maintained at midterm follow-up.Conclusions: Despite further research being mandatory, technology-assisted CMDT rehabilitation is a promising method to enhance motor-cognitive functions in older adults with chronic conditions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which does not meet the criteria of including randomized controlled trials with original data. Additionally, while it discusses technology-assisted cognitive-motor dual-task (CMDT) rehabilitation and mentions exergames, it does not specifically focus on using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Therefore, based on the given criteria, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Tufisi, C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Locating Transverse Cracks in Prismatic Beams Using Random Forest Method and The Frequency Drop.
[Journal]  ROMANIAN JOURNAL OF ACOUSTICS AND VIBRATION 18(2): 119-125.
[Abstract] As the infrastructure ages and nears the end of its estimated operating time, the detection of damages becomes a major issue in structural health monitoring (SHM). In this paper, the authors propose an analytical approach for generating the data needed to train a Random Forest model (RF) that will perform the SHM task, namely, to detect, locate, and assess the severity of transverse cracks in beam-like structures. Using an original method, we calculate the relative frequency shifts (RFS) for different damage scenarios and use the generated data to train the RF model. Subsequently, the validation of the RF model is performed using data obtained from FEM simulations using different mesh sizes, for different damage scenarios on steel beams. The results indicate that the RF model can detect the presence of the defect and find the position and depth of the transverse cracks very precisely if the crack is located in the area where the beam achieves the maximum bending moment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a Random Forest method to detect, locate, and assess the severity of transverse cracks in beam-like structures. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Tunca, C., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Deep Learning for Fall Risk Assessment With Inertial Sensors: Utilizing Domain Knowledge in Spatio-Temporal Gait Parameters.
[Journal]  IEEE JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATICS 24(7): 1994-2005.
[Abstract] Fall risk assessment is essential to predict and prevent falls in geriatric populations, especially patients with life-long conditions like neurological disorders. Inertial sensor-based pervasive gait analysis systems have become viable means to facilitate continuous fall risk assessment in non-hospital settings. However, a gait analysis system is not sufficient to detect the characteristics leading to increased fall risk, and powerful inference models are required to detect the underlying factors specific to fall risk. Machine learning models and especially the recently proposed deep learning methods offer the needed predictive power. Deep neural networks have the potential to produce models that can operate directly on the raw data, thus alleviating the need for feature engineering. However, the domain knowledge inherent in the well-established spatio-temporal gait parameters are still valuable to help a model achieve high inference accuracies. In this study, we explore deep learning methods, specifically long short-term memory (LSTM) neural networks, for the problem of fall risk assessment. We utilize sequences of spatio-temporal gait parameters extracted by an inertial sensor-based gait analysis system as input features. To quantify the performance of the proposed approach, we compare it with more traditional machine learning methods. The proposed LSTM model, trained with a gait dataset collected from 60 neurological disorder patients, achieves a superior classification accuracy of 92.1% on a separate test dataset collected from 16 patients. This study serves as one of the first attempts to employ deep learning approaches in this domain and the results demonstrate their potential.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using deep learning, specifically long short-term memory (LSTM) neural networks, to assess fall risk in older people with neurological disorders. The intervention involves the use of inertial sensors and machine learning models, but it does not involve exergames. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Turnbull, A. M. J. and S. C. Lash (2016). 
[Title]    Confidence of ophthalmology specialist trainees in the management of posterior capsule rupture and vitreous loss.
[Journal]  EYE 30(7): 943-948.
[Abstract] Purpose To ascertain ophthalmology trainee confidence in managing posterior capsule rupture (PCR) and vitreous loss.Methods An electronic survey was distributed to ophthalmology trainees in a single UK postgraduate training Deanery. Data collected included the stage of training, number of completed cataract operations, cumulative PCR rate, number of PCRs personally managed by the trainee, previous vitrectomy experience during vitreoretinal rotations, and attendance at advanced phacoemulsification courses. Trainees self-evaluated their confidence in managing PCR with vitreous loss, including the management of specific aspects of the procedure.Results Across training grades, only 9.1% (2/22) felt confident managing PCR without senior support. Respondents were most confident with fluidic parameters and IOL considerations, but 77.3% (17/22) lacked confidence in avoiding a dropped nucleus. Eleven respondents had completed 4350 cases (mean 576; range 383-1087). In this subgroup, mean cumulative PCR rate was 2.1% (range 0.9-4.9%), and trainees personally managed a mean 3.5 cases of PCR (range 1-7). Only 18.2% felt they could manage PCR and vitreous loss without senior support, and 45.5% stated they were not confident in avoiding a dropped nucleus. The most experienced trainee (1087 cases) had personally managed PCR just six times, and three trainees with 4350 cases had only managed PCR once each.Conclusions The Royal College of Ophthalmologists' requirement of 350 completed cases appears insufficient for independent cataract surgery, as opportunities to manage complications as a trainee are scarce. A competency-based assessment framework may be preferable, with a more targeted approach to training incorporating surgical simulation within the formal curriculum.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the confidence of ophthalmology specialist trainees in managing posterior capsule rupture and vitreous loss. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Uesten, E. and A. Sieben (2023). 
[Title]    Don't stop me now: Psychological effects of interrupting a moving pedestrian crowd and a video game.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 18(7).
[Abstract] Interruptions are a part of our everyday lives. They are inevitable in complex societies, especially when many people move from one place to another as a part of their daily routines. The main aim of this research is to understand the effects of interruptions on individuals from a psychological and crowd dynamics perspective. Two studies were conducted to investigate this issue, with each focusing on different types of interruptions and examining their psychological (emotion, motivation, arousal) and physiological (heart rate) components. Study 1 examined interruptions in a video game setting and systematically varied goal proximity (N = 61). It was hypothesized that being interrupted in the later stages of goal pursuit would create a high aroused impatience state, while interruptions in the earlier stages would produce a low aroused boredom state. However, the results showed that the hypothesized groupwise differences were not observed. Instead, interruptions created annoyance in all conditions, both psychologically and physiologically. Study 2 investigated interruptions in pedestrian crowds (N = 301) and used a basic motivational dichotomy of high and low motivation. In the experiments, crowds (80-100 participants) were asked to imagine that they were entering a concert hall consisting of a narrow bottleneck. The low motivation group reported feeling bored during the interruption, while the high motivation group reported feeling impatient. Additionally, a motivational decrease was observed for the high motivation group due to the interruption. This drop in motivation after the interruption is also reflected in the measured density (person/m(2)) in front of the bottleneck. Overall, both studies showed that interruption can have significant effects on individuals, including psychological and physiological impacts. The observed motivational decrease through interruption is particularly relevant for crowd management, but further investigation is needed to understand the context-specific effects of interruptions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are not specifically older people, and the focus is on the psychological and physiological effects of interruptions in a video game setting and in pedestrian crowds. The study does not address fall prevention or exergames designed for that purpose. Additionally, the paper does not report results from a randomized controlled trial focused on exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Ukrainetz, N. K. and S. D. Mansfield (2019). 
[Title]    Assessing the sensitivities of genomic selection for growth and wood quality traits in lodgepole pine using Bayesian models.
[Journal]  TREE GENETICS & GENOMES 16(1).
[Abstract] Genomic selection is an attractive option to complement the existing investments of the lodgepole pine (Pinus contorta Douglas) breeding program in British Columbia, Canada. There were two cycles of progeny testing established from 1984 to 2006 connected by full- and half-sib family structure that span a diverse range of ecosystems and climates. The relationship structure across the program is ideal for genomic selection, but it is unclear how genomic selection models will perform using a fixed content array with 51,213 single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) markers and different amounts of relatedness between the training and selection populations, across testing cycles of different ages, and across environments for growth and wood quality traits. Through cross-validation, we compared the sensitivity of genomic selection using two Bayesian models (Bayes B and C) with best linear unbiased prediction (BLUP) using a realized relationship matrix (GBLUP) and a pedigree (ABLUP). GEBVs from GBLUP were used to approximate the true breeding value for comparing models. Prediction accuracy was very high when there was relatedness between the training and validation populations (0.81 for Bayes C and 0.83 for GBLUP), but dropped considerably when relatedness was removed (0.27 for Bayes C and 0.29 for GBLUP). Prediction accuracy was high when predicting between test cycles and was highest when older first-cycle progeny tests were used to predict for younger trees in second-cycle tests (0.68 for Bayes C). Marker-based (Bayesian) and relationship-based (GBLUP) genomic selection models performed well and should be considered as a tool to complement the lodgepole pine breeding program in British Columbia.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about genomic selection for growth and wood quality traits in lodgepole pine, and it does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ulivieri, F. M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Bone strain index as a predictor of further vertebral fracture in osteoporotic women: An artificial intelligence-based analysis.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 16(2).
[Abstract] BackgroundOsteoporosis is an asymptomatic disease of high prevalence and incidence, leading to bone fractures burdened by high mortality and disability, mainly when several subsequent fractures occur. A fragility fracture predictive model, Artificial Intelligence-based, to identify dual X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) variables able to characterise those patients who are prone to further fractures called Bone Strain Index, was evaluated in this study.MethodsIn a prospective, longitudinal, multicentric study 172 female outpatients with at least one vertebral fracture at the first observation were enrolled. They performed a spine X-ray to calculate spine deformity index (SDI) and a lumbar and femoral DXA scan to assess bone mineral density (BMD) and bone strain index (BSI) at baseline and after a follow-up period of 3 years in average. At the end of the follow-up, 93 women developed a further vertebral fracture. The further vertebral fracture was considered as one unit increase of SDI. We assessed the predictive capacity of supervised Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) to distinguish women who developed a further fracture from those without it, and to detect those variables providing the maximal amount of relevant information to discriminate the two groups. ANNs choose appropriate input data automatically (TWIST-system, Training With Input Selection and Testing). Moreover, we built a semantic connectivity map usingthe Auto Contractive Map to provide further insights about the convoluted connections between the osteoporotic variables under consideration and the two scenarios (further fracture vs no further fracture).ResultsTWIST system selected 5 out of 13 available variables: age, menopause age, BMI, FTot BMC, FTot BSI. With training testing procedure, ANNs reached predictive accuracy of 79.36%, with a sensitivity of 75% and a specificity of 83.72%.The semantic connectivity map highlighted the role of BSI in predicting the risk of a further fracture.ConclusionsArtificial Intelligence is a useful method to analyse a complex system like that regarding osteoporosis, able to identify patients prone to a further fragility fracture. BSI appears to be a useful DXA index in identifying those patients who are at risk of further vertebral fractures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using an artificial intelligence-based analysis to predict further vertebral fractures in osteoporotic women, specifically evaluating the Bone Strain Index (BSI) as a predictor. There is no mention of exergames, fall prevention, or any intervention targeting older people with exergames.

[Author]   Urbanova, P., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Applying 3D prints to reconstructing postmortem craniofacial features damaged by devastating head injuries.
[Journal]  LEGAL MEDICINE 33: 48-52.
[Abstract] Postmortem facial identification is one of the most common techniques for establishing a deceased person's identity. In victims suffering from devastating cranial injuries, the feasibility of facial identification tasks can be compromised by damage to or disfigurement of the identifying cranial features. Although there are several reconstructive approaches, which help experts to restore the essence of person's physical appearance, thus enhancing the chances of recognition, only a few of them involve restoring the fractured cranial bones as the foundation for the reconstructed soft tissues. Here, we propose a technique based on replacement of heavily damaged hard tissues with generic prosthetics manufactured by 3D printing. Our approach does not require medical imaging technologies or other costly lab equipment. It is simple, affordable and relatively labor-efficient. The deceased's reconstructed craniofacial features can be subsequently assessed, photographed, drawn or otherwise reproduced in order to help determine his or her identity. In addition, the imagery can be displayed, published or broadcasted in media without concerns of being overly graphic.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on using 3D printing to reconstruct postmortem craniofacial features for identification purposes, which is unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Uwanuakwa, I. D., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Artificial Intelligence Prediction of Rutting and Fatigue Parameters in Modified Asphalt Binders.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 10(21).
[Abstract] The complex shear modulus (G*) and phase angle (delta) are fundamental viscoelastic rheological properties used in the estimation of rutting and fatigue pavement distress in asphalt binder. In the tropical regions, rutting and fatigue cracking are major pavement distress affecting the serviceability of road infrastructure. Laboratory testing of the complex shear modulus and phase angle requires expensive and advanced equipment that is not obtainable in major laboratories within the developing countries of the region, giving rise to the need for an accurate predictive model to support quality pavement design. This research aims at developing a predictive model for the estimation of rutting and fatigue susceptive of asphalt binder at intermediate and high pavement temperatures. Asphalt rheological and ageing test was conducted on eight mixes of modified binders used to build the study database containing 1976 and 1668 data points for rutting and fatigue parameters respectively. The database was divided into training and simulation dataset. The Gaussian process regression (GPR) algorithm was used to predict the rutting and fatigue parameters using unaged and aged conditioned inputs. The proposed GPR was compared with the support vector machine (SVM), recurrent neural networks (RNN) and artificial neural network (ANN) models. Results show that the model performed better in the estimation of rutting parameter than the fatigue parameter. Further, unaged input variables show better reliability in the prediction of fatigue parameter.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of artificial intelligence to predict rutting and fatigue parameters in modified asphalt binders. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Uzor, S. and L. Baillie (2017). 
[Title]    Exploring the communication of progress in home-based falls rehabilitation using exergame technologies.
[Journal]  Proceedings of the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous Technologies 1(4): 167 (120 pp.)-167 (120 pp.).
[Abstract] Little is known on how to effectively represent rehabilitation progress, over a period of time, using exercise game (exergame) technologies. Progress in falls rehabilitation, which consists of improved performance in balance and muscle strength, is essential to assuring seniors of a reduced risk of falling. In this paper, we build on our previous research into exergames for falls, and we investigate how an exergame system can be used to communicate long-term progress to seniors. Using a multiphase user-centered requirements gathering process, we first investigated stakeholder perspectives regarding progress in self-managed rehabilitation. Following this we describe the home-based evaluation of our prototype exergame system, which highlights rehabilitation progress, with seniors, over a period of 2 months. Progress, in our system is communicated using charts of exercise performance and frequency, as well as medals awarded for achieving longer-term rehabilitation milestones. We report on seniors' opinions and preferences regarding the potential of our exergame system to communicate this rehabilitation progress in a meaningful way. Finally we discuss implications for design, based on our studies, to inform the development of more effective exergame systems for long-term unassisted rehabilitation in the home.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on exploring how exergame technologies can be used to communicate progress in home-based falls rehabilitation to seniors. While it involves older people and uses exergames, the primary focus is on the communication of progress rather than the effectiveness of exergames in preventing falls. Additionally, the study does not appear to report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet all the specified criteria.

[Author]   Valenzuela, T., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Adherence to Technology-Based Exercise Programs in Older Adults: A Systematic Review.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF GERIATRIC PHYSICAL THERAPY 41(1): 49-61.
[Abstract] Background and Purpose: Exercise participation and adherence in older people is often low. The integration of technology-based exercise programs may have a positive effect on adherence as they can overcome perceived barriers to exercise. Previous systematic reviews have shown preliminary evidence that technology-based exercise programs can improve physical functioning. However, there is currently no in-depth description and discussion of the potential this technology offers to improve exercise adherence in older people. This review examines the literature regarding older adults' acceptability and adherence to technology-based exercise interventions.Methods: A comprehensive systematic database search for randomized controlled trials, clinical controlled trials, and parallel group trials was performed, including MEDLINE, PsycINFO, EMBASE, CINAHL, EMB Reviews, and Cochrane Library, completed in May 2015. Trials reporting adherence to technology-based exercise programs aimed at improving physical function were included. Adherence was defined as the percentage of exercise sessions attended out of the total number of sessions prescribed.Results: Twenty-two studies were included. The mean cohort age range was 67 to 86 years. Studies were conducted in research facilities, aged care facilities, and people's homes. Ten studies compared outcomes between technology-based and traditional exercise programs. Adherence to both types of interventions was high (median 91.25% and 83.58%, respectively). Adherence was higher for technology-based interventions than traditional interventions independent of study site, level of supervision, and delivery mode. The majority of the studies used commercially available gaming technologies, and both types of exercise interventions were mostly supervised. A lack of detailed reporting of adherence and the pilot nature of most studies did not allow computation of a comprehensive adherence rate.Discussion: This systematic review provides evidence that technology offers a well-accepted method to provide older adults with engaging exercise opportunities, and adherence rates remain high in both supervised and unsupervised settings at least throughout the first 12 weeks of intervention. The higher adherence rates to technology-based interventions can be largely explained by the high reported levels of enjoyment when using these programs. However, the small sample sizes, short follow-up periods, inclusion of mostly healthy older people, and problems related to the methods used to report exercise adherence limit the generalizability of our findings.Conclusion: This systematic review indicates that technology-based exercise interventions have good adherence and may provide a sustainable means of promoting physical activity and preventing falls in older people. More research is required to investigate the feasibility, acceptability, and effectiveness of technology-based exercise programs undertaken by older people at home over extended trial periods.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, and it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Although the review discusses technology-based exercise programs and their potential to improve adherence in older adults, which could be relevant to preventing falls, it does not meet the criteria for being a primary research study with original data.

[Author]   Valenzuela, T., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    An Interactive Home-Based Cognitive-Motor Step Training Program to Reduce Fall Risk in Older Adults: Qualitative Descriptive Study of Older Adults' Experiences and Requirements.
[Journal]  JMIR AGING 1(2): e11975-e11975.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Falls are a major contributor to the burden of disease in older adults. Home-based exercise programs are effective in reducing the rate and risk of falls in older adults. However, adherence to home-based exercise programs is low, limiting the efficacy of interventions. The implementation of technology-based exercise programs for older adults to use at home may increase exercise adherence and, thus, the effectiveness of fall prevention interventions. More information about older adults' experiences when using technologies at home is needed to enable the design of programs that are tailored to older adults' needs.OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to (1) explore older adults' experiences using SureStep, an interactive cognitive-motor step training program to reduce fall risk unsupervised at home; (2) explore program features that older adults found encouraged program uptake and adherence; (3) identify usability issues encountered by older adults when using the program; and (4) provide guidance for the design of a future technology-based exercise program tailored to older adults to use at home as a fall prevention strategy.METHODS: This study was part of a larger randomized controlled trial. The qualitative portion of the study and the focus of this paper used a qualitative descriptive design. Data collectors conducted structured, open-ended in-person interviews with study participants who were randomly allocated to use SureStep at home for 4 months. All interviews were audiotaped and ranged from 45 to 60 min. Thematic analysis was used to analyze collected data. This study was guided by Pender's Health Promotion Model.RESULTS: Overall, 24 older adults aged 70 to 97 years were interviewed. Findings suggest older adults are open to use technology-based exercise programs at home, and in the context of optimizing adherence to home-based exercise programs for the prevention of falls, findings suggest that program developers should develop exercise programs in ways that provide older adults with a fun and enjoyable experience (thus increasing intrinsic motivation to exercise), focus on improving outcomes that are significant to older adults (thus increasing self-determined extrinsic motivation), offer challenging yet attainable exercises (thus increasing perceived self-competence), provide positive feedback on performance (thus increasing self-efficacy), and are easy to use (thus reducing perceived barriers to technology use).CONCLUSIONS: This study provides important considerations when designing technology-based programs so they are tailored to the needs of older adults, increasing both usability and acceptability of programs and potentially enhancing exercise participation and long-term adherence to fall prevention interventions. Program uptake and adherence seem to be influenced by (1) older adults' perceived benefits of undertaking the program, (2) whether the program is stimulating, and (3) the perceived barriers to exercise and technology use. Older adults shared important recommendations for future development of technologies for older adults to use at home.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. While the paper does target older adults and discusses an interactive cognitive-motor step training program (SureStep) that could be considered a form of exergame, it is not a randomized controlled trial (RCT) reporting on the results of the intervention. The study focuses on a qualitative descriptive analysis of older adults' experiences and requirements when using the program. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being a paper about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as specified.

[Author]   Vallabhajosula, S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    The effects of exergaming and treadmill training on gait, balance, and cognition in a person with Parkinson's disease: A case study.
[Journal]  PHYSIOTHERAPY THEORY AND PRACTICE 33(12): 920-931.
[Abstract] Background: Parkinson's disease (PD) commonly impairs posture, gait, and cognition. Exercise in the form of aerobic activity as well as exergaming may improve motor ability and cognition in persons with PD. Exergaming and treadmill training can be a practical form of exercise within the home; however, there is minimal research on this combined multimodal intervention for persons with PD. Objective: We investigated the effects of this combined intervention on cognition, balance, and gait in a person with PD through supervised lab sessions augmented by home-based sessions. Methods: This case study utilized an ABA single subject experimental design with 4weeks of pre-intervention, followed by 8 weeks of intervention, and 4 weeks of post-intervention. The intervention consisted of treadmill walking and Xbox Kinect exergaming, 30minutes each, performed unsupervised at home and at supervised lab sessions. The two standard deviation band method was used to determine significance. Results: MiniBEST test, 2-minute walk distance, sway area, endurance test, and a few parameters of gait initiation and gait improved significantly throughout the intervention period. Only a few measures sustained the improvement 4weeks after completion of intervention. Conclusion: Eight weeks of treadmill and exergaming intervention with a person with PD improved static and dynamic postural control measures, but not gait, cognition, endurance, and clinical measures of balance. Longer and more intense multimodal intervention may be warranted.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on a case study involving a person with Parkinson's disease and does not specifically target older people. Additionally, the study is a single-subject experimental design rather than a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Vallance, J. K., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Associations of Overall Sedentary Time and Screen Time with Sleep Outcomes.
[Journal]  AMERICAN JOURNAL OF HEALTH BEHAVIOR 39(1): 62-67.
[Abstract] Objective: To examine associations of accelerometer-assessed sedentary time and self-reported screen time with sleep outcomes. Methods: Cross-sectional study of 1674 adults from the 2005-2006 US National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Accelerometers were used to assess sedentary time. Screen time and sleep metrics were assessed via self-report. Results: Accelerometer-assessed sedentary time was not associated with sleep outcomes. Compared to participants with the least screen time (<2h/day), participants with the most screen time (>6h/day) were more likely to report trouble falling asleep (OR = 2.78, 95% CI: 1.21, 6.40) and wake during the night (OR = 2.55, 95% CI: 1.17, 5.52). Conclusions: With respect to sleep outcomes, context-specific sedentary behaviors may be more important than overall sedentary time.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study examines the associations between sedentary time, screen time, and sleep outcomes in a general adult population. It does not meet the criteria for intervention, target population, or the type of study required.

[Author]   van der Kolk, N. M., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Effectiveness of home-based and remotely supervised aerobic exercise in Parkinson's disease: a double-blind, randomised controlled trial.
[Journal]  LANCET NEUROLOGY 18(11): 998-1008.
[Abstract] Background High-intensity aerobic exercise might attenuate the symptoms of Parkinson's disease, but high-quality evidence is scarce. Moreover, long-term adherence remains challenging. We aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of aerobic exercise-gamified and delivered at home, to promote adherence-on relieving motor symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease with mild disease severity who were on common treatment regimes.Methods In this single-centre, double-blind, randomised controlled trial (Park-in-Shape), we recruited sedentary patients with Parkinson's disease from the outpatient clinic at Radboudumc, Nijmegen, Netherlands. Patients were made aware of the study either by their treating neurologist or via information in the waiting room. Patients could also contact the study team via social media. We included patients aged 30-75 years with a Hoehn and Yahr stage of 2 or lower, who were on stable dopaminergic medication. Patients were randomly assigned (in a 1:1 ratio) to either aerobic exercise done on a stationary home-trainer (aerobic intervention group) or stretching (active control group) by means of a web-based system with minimisation for sex and medication status (treated or untreated) and permuted blocks of varying sizes of more than two (unknown to study personnel). Patients were only aware of the content of their assigned programme. Assessors were unaware of group assignments. Both interventions were home based, requiring 30-45 min training three times per week for 6 months. Both groups received a motivational app and remote supervision. Home trainers were enhanced with virtual reality software and real-life videos providing a so-called exergaming experience (ie, exercise enhanced by gamified elements). The primary outcome was the between-group difference in the Movement Disorders Society-Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (MDS-UPDRS) motor section at 6 months, tested during the off state (>= 12 h after last dopaminergic medication). The analysis was done on an intention-to-treat basis in patients who completed the follow-up assessment, regardless of whether they completed the assigned intervention. Patients reported adverse events directly to their coach and also after the 6-month visit retrospectively. A between-group difference of 3.5 points or more was deemed a-priori clinically relevant. The study is concluded and registered with the Dutch Trial Registry, NTR4743.Findings Between Feb 2,2015, and Oct 27, 2017, 139 patients were assessed for eligibility in person, of whom 130 were randomly assigned to either the aerobic intervention group (n=65) or the active control group (n=65). Data from 125 (96%) patients were available for the primary analysis; five patients were lost to follow-up (four in the intervention group; one in the control group). 20 patients (ten in each group) did not complete their assigned programme. The off-state MDS-UP DRS motor score revealed a between-group difference of 4.2 points (95% CI 1.6-6-9, p=0 . 0020) in favour of aerobic exercise (mean 1.3 points [SE 1.8] in the intervention group and 5.6 points [SE 1.9] for the control group). 11 patients had potentially related adverse events (seven [11%] in the intervention group, four [6%] in the control group) and seven had unrelated serious adverse events (three in the intervention group [vestibilar disorder, vasovaga I collapse, knee injury during gardening that required surgery; 6%], four in the control group [supraventricular tachycardia, hip fracture, fall related injury, severe dyskinesias after suprathreshold dose levodopa in a patient with deep brain stimulation; 7%]).Interpretation Aerobic exercise can be done at home by patients with Parkinson's disease with mild disease severity and it attenuates off-state motor signs. Future studies should establish long-term effectiveness and possible disease-modifying effects. Copyright (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of aerobic exercise, gamified and delivered at home, to alleviate motor symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease. While the intervention includes gamified elements (exergaming), the primary target is not specifically older people, and the main focus is on managing Parkinson's disease symptoms rather than preventing falls. Additionally, the study does not explicitly mention fall prevention as a goal or outcome. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   van der Veen, S. M. and J. S. Thomas (2021). 
[Title]    A Pilot Study Quantifying Center of Mass Trajectory during Dynamic Balance Tasks Using an HTC Vive Tracker Fixed to the Pelvis.
[Journal]  SENSORS 21(23).
[Abstract] Fall rates are increasing among the aging population and even higher falls rates have been reported in populations with neurological impairments. The Berg Balance Scale is often used to assess balance in older adults and has been validated for use in people with stroke, traumatic brain injury, and Parkinson's disease. While the Berg Balance Scale (BBS) has been found to be predictive of the length of rehabilitation stay following stroke, a recent review concluded the BBS lacked predictive validity for fall risk. Conversely, sophisticated measures assessing center of mass (COM) displacement have shown to be predictive of falls risk. However, calculating COM displacement is difficult to measure outside a laboratory. Accordingly, we sought to validate COM displacement measurements derived from an HTC Vive tracker secured to the pelvis by comparing it to COM derived from 'gold' standard laboratory-based full-body motion capture. Results showed that RMS between the COM calculated from HTC Vive tracker and full body motion capture agree with an average error rate of 2.1 +/- 2.6 cm. Therefore, we conclude measurement of COM displacement using an HTC Vive tracker placed on the pelvis is reasonably representative of laboratory-based measurement of COM displacement.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on validating the measurement of center of mass (COM) displacement using an HTC Vive tracker for dynamic balance tasks, rather than using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   van der Water, L., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Virtual reality (VR) to reduce anxiety in children in the plaster room: a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
[Journal]  TRIALS 23(1).
[Abstract] Background: Paediatric fractures are highly prevalent and are most often treated with plaster. The removal of plaster is often an anxious experience for children. Virtual reality (VR) has proven to effectively distract children and reduce their anxiety in other clinical settings. This study aims to investigate the effect ofVR on the anxiety level of children with fractures that undergo plaster removal or replacement in the plaster room.Methods: This study is designed as a randomised controlled trial (RCT). The sample size is 270 patients, aged 5 to 17 years, with a fracture of the upper or lower extremity treated with plaster. The intervention group will be distracted with VR goggles and headphones during the replacement or removal of the plaster, whereas the control group will receive standard care. As a primary outcome, the level of anxiety will be measured with the Child Fear Scale (CFS). Secondary outcomes include anxiety reduction (difference between CFS after and CFS before plaster procedure) and Numeric Rating Scales (NRS) pain and satisfaction. Additionally, the children's fastest heart rate during the procedure will be recorded. An unpaired samples t-test or a Mann-Whitney U test (depending on the data distribution) will be used to analyse the data.Discussion: When completed, this trial will provide evidence on the potential role of VR in children with fractures treated with plaster. The purpose is to increase the quality of healthcare by decreasing anxiety and possibly pain perception of children during a plaster procedure.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using virtual reality (VR) to reduce anxiety in children during plaster removal or replacement, not about using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The target population is children aged 5 to 17 years, and the intervention is aimed at reducing anxiety, not preventing falls. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   van Diest, M., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Suitability of Kinect for measuring whole body movement patterns during exergaming.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 47(12): 2925-2932.
[Abstract] Exergames provide a challenging opportunity for home-based training and evaluation of postural control in the elderly population, but affordable sensor technology and algorithms for assessment of whole body movement patterns in the home environment are yet to be developed. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the use of Kinect, a commonly available video game sensor, for capturing and analyzing whole body movement patterns. Healthy adults (n=20) played a weight shifting exergame under five different conditions with varying amplitudes and speed of sway movement, while 3D positions of ten body segments were recorded in the frontal plane using Kinect and a Vicon 3D camera system. Principal Component Analysis (PCA) was used to extract and compare movement patterns and the variance in individual body segment positions explained by these patterns. Using the identified patterns, balance outcome measures based on spatiotemporal sway characteristics were computed. The results showed that both Vicon and Kinect capture >90% variance of all body segment movements within three PCs. Kinect-derived movement patterns were found to explain variance in trunk movements accurately, yet explained variance in hand and foot segments was underestimated and overestimated respectively by as much as 30%. Differences between both systems with respect to balance outcome measures range 0.3-64.3%. The results imply that Kinect provides the unique possibility of quantifying balance ability while performing complex tasks in an exergame environment. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation:
- The intervention targets healthy adults, not specifically older people.
- While the study does involve an exergame, it focuses on evaluating the suitability of Kinect for measuring whole body movement patterns rather than on the effectiveness of exergames in preventing falls in the elderly.
- The paper does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it is more focused on the technical evaluation of the Kinect sensor.

[Author]   van Diest, M., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Quantifying Postural Control during Exergaming Using Multivariate Whole-Body Movement Data: A Self-Organizing Maps Approach.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 10(7).
[Abstract] BackgroundExergames are becoming an increasingly popular tool for training balance ability, thereby preventing falls in older adults. Automatic, real time, assessment of the user's balance control offers opportunities in terms of providing targeted feedback and dynamically adjusting the gameplay to the individual user, yet algorithms for quantification of balance control remain to be developed. The aim of the present study was to identify movement patterns, and variability therein, of young and older adults playing a custom-made weight-shifting (ice-skating) exergame.MethodsTwenty older adults and twenty young adults played a weight-shifting exergame under five conditions of varying complexity, while multi-segmental whole-body movement data were captured using Kinect. Movement coordination patterns expressed during gameplay were identified using Self Organizing Maps (SOM), an artificial neural network, and variability in these patterns was quantified by computing Total Trajectory Variability (TTvar). Additionally a k Nearest Neighbor (kNN) classifier was trained to discriminate between young and older adults based on the SOM features.ResultsResults showed that TTvar was significantly higher in older adults than in young adults, when playing the exergame under complex task conditions. The kNN classifier showed a classification accuracy of 65.8%.ConclusionsOlder adults display more variable sway behavior than young adults, when playing the exergame under complex task conditions. The SOM features characterizing movement patterns expressed during exergaming allow for discriminating between young and older adults with limited accuracy. Our findings contribute to the development of algorithms for quantification of balance ability during home-based exergaming for balance training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the quantification of postural control and movement patterns during exergaming, and it includes both young and older adults. While the study does involve an exergame and mentions its potential for preventing falls in older adults, it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial aimed at evaluating the effectiveness of the exergame in preventing falls. Instead, it is more focused on developing and testing algorithms for assessing balance control during exergaming.

[Author]   van Diest, M., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Exergames for unsupervised balance training at home: A pilot study in healthy older adults.
[Journal]  GAIT & POSTURE 44: 161-167.
[Abstract] Exercise videogames (exergames) are gaining popularity as tools for improving balance ability in older adults, yet few exergames are suitable for home- based use. The purpose of the current pilot study was to examine the effects of a 6-week unsupervised home- based exergaming training program on balance performance. Ten community dwelling healthy older adults (age: 75.9 +/- 7.2 years) played a newly developed ice skating exergame for six weeks at home. In the game, the speed and direction of a virtual ice skater on a frozen canal were controlled using lateral weight shifts, which were captured using Kinect. Sway characteristics during quiet standing in eyes open (EO), eyes closed (EC) and dual task (DT) conditions were assessed in time and frequency domain before, and after two, four and six weeks of training. Balance was also evaluated using the narrow ridge balance test (NRBT). Multilevel modeling was applied to examine changes in balance ability. Participants played 631 (+/- 124) min over the intervention period and no subjects dropped out. Balance in terms of sway characteristics improved on average by 17.4% (EO) and 23.3% (EC) after six weeks of training (p < 0.05). Differences in rate of improvement (p < 0.05) were observed between participants. No intervention effects were found for quiet standing in DT conditions and on the NRBT. In conclusion, the pilot study showed that unsupervised home- based exergaming is feasible in community dwelling older adults, but also that participants do not benefit equally from the program, thereby emphasizing the need for more personalized exergame training programs. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a pilot study, which means it is not a full randomized controlled trial. Although the intervention targets older adults and uses an exergame, the study does not meet the criteria for being a randomized controlled trial with reported results. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Van Kerckhoven, G., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Treatment of vertigo and postural instability using visual illusions.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF LARYNGOLOGY AND OTOLOGY 128(11): 1005-1007.
[Abstract] Background: Ototoxicity caused by medication can lead to debilitating symptoms such as dizziness, vertigo and postural instability. There is no current 'gold standard' treatment available.Case report: A 79-year-old male, with bilateral loss of vestibular function caused by gentamicin toxicity after surgery for prosthetic valve endocarditis, complained of dizziness, difficulty in walking and an increased risk of falling. Physical examination showed a positive head thrust test suggesting bilateral loss of vestibular function.Results: The patient underwent a specific motion-based virtual reality enhanced protocol for peripheral vestibular disease. He showed a great improvement, with a 50 per cent reduction in his Dizziness Handicap Inventory score.Conclusion: Computer-aided rehabilitation programmes might represent an important advance in gait and posture training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve an older individual and a virtual reality intervention, the focus is on treating vertigo and postural instability rather than specifically preventing falls. Additionally, the study is a case report, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   van Ooijen, M. W., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Improved gait adjustments after gait adaptability training are associated with reduced attentional demands in persons with stroke.
[Journal]  EXPERIMENTAL BRAIN RESEARCH 233(3): 1007-1018.
[Abstract] After stroke, the ability to make step adjustments during walking is reduced and requires more attention, which may cause problems during community walking. The C-Mill is an innovative treadmill augmented with visual context (e.g., obstacles and stepping targets), which was designed specifically to practice gait adaptability. The objective of this study was to determine whether C-Mill gait adaptability training can help to improve gait adjustments and associated attentional demands. Sixteen community-ambulating persons in the chronic stage of stroke (age: 54.8 +/- A 10.8 years) received ten sessions of C-Mill training within 5-6 weeks. Prior to and after the intervention period, participants performed an obstacle-avoidance task with and without a secondary attention-demanding auditory Stroop task to assess their ability to make gait adjustments (i.e., obstacle-avoidance success rates) as well as the associated attentional demands (i.e., Stroop success rates, stratified for pre-crossing, crossing, and post-crossing strides). Obstacle-avoidance success rates improved after C-Mill training from 52.4 +/- A 16.3 % at pretest to 77.0 +/- A 16.4 % at posttest (p < 0.001). This improvement was accompanied by greater Stroop success rates during the obstacle-crossing stride only (pretest: 62.9 +/- A 24.9 %, posttest: 77.5 +/- A 20.4 %, p = 0.006). The observed improvements in obstacle-avoidance success rates and Stroop success rates were strongly correlated (r = 0.68, p = 0.015). The ability to make gait adjustments and the associated attentional demands can be successfully targeted in persons with stroke using C-Mill training, which suggests that its underlying assumptions regarding motor control are appropriate. This study lends support and guidance for designing a randomized controlled trial to further examine the potential of C-Mill training for improving safe community ambulation after stroke.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets persons with stroke, and while the C-Mill training involves a form of interactive technology, it is specifically designed for gait adaptability and improving community ambulation, rather than preventing falls in older people. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial; it is a pre-post intervention study.

[Author]   VanVleet, T., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Randomized control trial of computer-based training targeting alertness in older adults: the ALERT trial protocol.
[Journal]  BMC psychology 6(1): 22-22.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Healthy aging is associated with a decline in multiple functional domains including perception, attention, short and long-term memory, reasoning, decision-making, as well as cognitive and motor control functions; all of which are significantly modulated by an individual's level of alertness. The control of alertness also significantly declines with age and contributes to increased lapses of attention in everyday life, ranging from minor memory slips to a lack of vigilance and increased risk of falls or motor-vehicle accidents. Several experimental behavioral therapies designed to remediate age-related cognitive decline have been developed, but differ widely in content, method and dose. Preliminary studies demonstrate that Tonic and Phasic Alertness Training (TAPAT) can improve executive functions in older adults and may be a useful adjunct treatment to enhance benefits gained in other clinically validated treatments. The purpose of the current trial (referred to as the Attention training for Learning Enhancement and Resilience Trial or ALERT) is to compare TAPAT to an active control training condition, include a larger sample of patients, and assess both cognitive and functional outcomes.METHODS/DESIGN: We will employ a multi-site, longitudinal, blinded randomized controlled trial (RCT) design with a target sample of 120 patients with age-related cognitive decline. Patients will be asked to complete 36 training sessions remotely (30min/day, 5days a week, over 3months) of either the experimental TAPAT training program or an active control computer games condition. Patients will be assessed on a battery of cognitive and functional outcomes at four time points, including: a) immediately before training, b) halfway through training, c) within forty-eight hours post completion of total training, and d) after a three-month no-contact period post completion of total training, to assess the longevity of potential training effects.DISCUSSION: The strengths of this protocol are that it tests an innovative, in-home administered treatment that targets a fundamental deficit in adults with age-related cognitive decline; employs highly sensitive computer-based assessments of cognition as well as functional abilities, and incorporates a large sample size in an RCT design.TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02416401.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a randomized controlled trial of computer-based training targeting alertness in older adults, but it does not specifically mention the use of exergames. The intervention described is Tonic and Phasic Alertness Training (TAPAT), which is a form of cognitive training, not an exergame. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Varma, V. R., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Aging, the Central Nervous System, and Mobility in Older Adults: Interventions.
[Journal]  JOURNALS OF GERONTOLOGY SERIES A-BIOLOGICAL SCIENCES AND MEDICAL SCIENCES 71(11): 1451-1458.
[Abstract] Research suggests that the central nervous system (CNS) and mobility are closely linked. CNS-mediated mobility impairment may represent a potentially new and prevalent syndrome within the older adult populations. Interventions targeting this group may have the potential to improve mobility and cognition and prevent disability.In 2012, the Gerontological Society of America (GSA) and the National Institute on Aging (NIA) sponsored a 3-year conference workshop series, "Aging, the CNS, and Mobility." The goal of this third and final conference was to (i) report on the state of the science of interventions targeting CNS-mediated mobility impairment among community-dwelling older adults and (ii) partnering with the NIA, explore the future of research and intervention design focused on a potentially novel aging syndrome.Evidence was presented in five main intervention areas: (i) pharmacology and diet; (ii) exercise; (iii) electrical stimulation; (iv) sensory stimulation/deprivation; and (v) a combined category of multimodal interventions. Workshop participants identified important gaps in knowledge and key recommendations for future interventions related to recruitment and sample selection, intervention design, and methods to measure effectiveness.In order to develop effective preventive interventions for this prevalent syndrome, multidisciplinary teams are essential particularly because of the complex nature of the syndrome. Additionally, integrating innovative methods into the design of interventions may help researchers better measure complex mechanisms, and finally, the value of understanding the link between the CNS and mobility should be conveyed to researchers across disciplines in order to incorporate cognitive and mobility measurements into study protocols.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract discusses a variety of interventions for improving mobility and cognition in older adults, but it does not specifically mention the use of exergames. The interventions listed include pharmacology, diet, exercise, electrical stimulation, sensory stimulation/deprivation, and multimodal interventions. There is no indication that exergames or any form of virtual reality, video games, or electronic games were used. Therefore, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Vasodi, E., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Virtual reality-based exercise interventions on quality of life, some balance factors and depression in older adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
[Journal]  GERIATRIC NURSING 53: 227-239.
[Abstract] Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the impact of virtual reality-based exercise on the quality of life, some balance variables, and depression among older adults aged 60 years or older. Method: We systematically searched five electronic databases. Results: Twenty-seven articles met our inclusion criteria. Meta-analysis revealed that exercise using virtual reality had a significant positive effect on overall quality of life (p = 0.05), mental (p = 0.001) and physical component scores (p = 0.01), social relation (p = 0.0002), psychological health(p = 0.01), physical health (p = 0.04), and environmental health (p = 0.04). Additionally, depression significantly improved following virtual reality-based exercise (p = 0.01). However, there were significant improvements in the balance berg scale (p<0.00001) and ABC scale (p<0.00001) but not in timed-up-and-go(TUG) or 8-foot-up-and-go(8-FUG).Discussion: Virtual reality-based exercise has a positive impact on various aspects of quality of life, BBS and ABC scores, and depression. More studies with larger sample sizes and less heterogeneity in design and assessments are required.(c) 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review and meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the paper discusses the impact of virtual reality-based exercise on balance, it does not specifically focus on the prevention of falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Vellguth, K., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Development of a modeling pipeline for the prediction of hemodynamic outcome after virtual mitral valve repair using image-based CFD.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF COMPUTER ASSISTED RADIOLOGY AND SURGERY 13(11): 1795-1805.
[Abstract] PurposeSevere mitral valve regurgitation can either be treated by a replacement or a repair of the valve. The latter is recommended due to lower perioperative mortality and better long-term survival. On the other hand, recurrence rates after mitral valve repair are high compared to those after replacements and the repair intervention can cause induced mitral valve stenosis. So far, there are no methods to predict the hemodynamic outcome of a chosen treatment or to compare different treatment options in advance. To overcome this, diastolic mitral valve hemodynamics are simulated using computational fluid dynamics after different virtual treatments of the valve.MethodsThe left ventricular geometry of one patient was reconstructed using trans-esophageal echocardiography and computed tomography data. Pre-op hemodynamics are simulated using a referenced wall model to avoid expansive modeling of wall motion. Subsequently, the flow structures are compared to in vivo measurements. After manipulating the patient-specific geometry in order to mimic a restrictive mitral annuloplasty as well as a MitraClip intervention, hemodynamics results are calculated.ResultsGood agreements exist between calculated pre-op hemodynamics and in vivo measurements. The virtual annuloplasty did not result in any remarkable change of hemodynamics. Neither the pressure drop nor the velocity field showed strong differences. In contrast, the virtual MitraClip intervention led to a complete change in blood flow structures as well as an elevated pressure drop across the valve.ConclusionThe presented approach allows fast simulation of the diastolic hemodynamic situation before and after treatment of a mitral valve insufficiency. However, this approach is limited to the early diastolic phase of the cardiac cycle and needs to be validated using a larger sample size.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development of a modeling pipeline for predicting hemodynamic outcomes after virtual mitral valve repair using computational fluid dynamics (CFD). It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, methods, and results are focused on simulating and predicting the effects of different mitral valve treatments, and there is no mention of exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Verdecchia, D. H., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Outcomes after vestibular rehabilitation and Wii therapy in patients with chronic unilateral vestibular hypofunction.
[Journal]  Acta otorrinolaringologica espanola 65(6): 339-345.
[Abstract] INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVES: Vestibular rehabilitation therapy is an exercise-based programme designed to promote central nervous system compensation for inner ear deficit. The objective of the present study was to analyse the differences in the perception of handicap, the risk of falls, and gaze stability in patients diagnosed with chronic unilateral vestibular hypofunction before and after vestibular rehabilitation treatment with complementary Wii therapy.MATERIALS AND METHODS: A review was performed on the clinical histories of patients in the vestibular rehabilitation area of a university hospital between April 2009 and May 2011. The variables studied were the Dizziness Handicap Inventory, the Dynamic Gait Index and dynamic visual acuity. All subjects received complementary Wii therapy.RESULTS: There were 69 cases (41 woman and 28 men), with a median age of 64 years. The initial median Dizziness Handicap Inventory score was 40 points (range 0-84, percentile 25-75=20-59) and the final, 24 points (range 0-76, percentile 25-75=10.40), P<.0001. The initial median for the Dynamic Gait Index score was 21 points (range 8-24, percentile 25-75=17.5-2.3) and the final, 23 (range 12-24, percentile 25-75=21-23), P<.0001. The initial median for dynamic visual acuity was 2 (range 0-6, percentile 25-75=1-4) and the final, 1 (range 0-3, percentile 25-75=0-2), P<.0001.CONCLUSION: A reduction was observed in the Dizziness Handicap Inventory Values. Values for the Dynamic Gait Index increased and dynamic visual acuity improved. All these variations were statistically significant.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not specifically target the elderly population; it includes patients with chronic unilateral vestibular hypofunction, which may or may not be elderly. Additionally, while the intervention includes Wii therapy, which can be considered an exergame, the primary focus is on vestibular rehabilitation, and the study design is a retrospective review of clinical histories, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, the paper does not meet all the specified criteria.

[Author]   Verghese, J., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Computerised cognitive remediation to enhance mobility in older adults: a single-blind, single-centre, randomised trial.
[Journal]  LANCET HEALTHY LONGEVITY 2(9): E571-E579.
[Abstract] Background Decline in executive functions and related cognitive processes is associated with mobility decline, and these functions might be amenable to cognitive remediation. This study aimed to examine whether a computerised cognitive remediation programme would improve walking in adults aged 70 years and older.Methods This single-blind, randomised trial at one academic centre in the USA evaluated the efficacy of an 8-week computerised programme (also known as brain games) of progressive intensity and complexity to improve walking in older adults at high-risk for mobility disability. Inclusion criteria included being 70 years or older; ambulatory; and at high-risk for mobility disability, defined using a cutscore of nine or less (frail range) on the Short Physical Performance Battery and a walking speed of 100 cm/s or less. Individuals with dementia, acute or terminal medical illnesses, recent or planned surgery affecting mobility, mobility limitations solely due to musculoskeletal limitation or pain that prevented them from completing mobility tests, and those who were nursing home residents were excluded. Participants were block randomised (1:1; block size 12 and no stratification) to the intervention group or the control group (low complexity computer games and health education classes). Primary outcomes were change in walking speed at normal pace and walking while talking conditions assessed from baseline to 8 weeks post-intervention by investigators who were masked to group assignment. Groups were compared using the intention-to-treat principle with linear mixed models adjusted for confounders. This trial was registered with ClinicalTrails.gov, NCT02567227.Findings Between March 1, 2016, and March 12, 2020, 383 patients were enrolled and randomly assigned to the intervention or control group. After randomisation, 11 (3%) patients were diagnosed with dementia. 372 (97%; 271 [73%] women) were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. The mean age of participants was 77.0 years [SD 5.6]). 183 (49.2%) participants were Black and 62 (16.7%) were Hispanic. 314 (93%) of the target 338 completers had finished the intervention when the trial was terminated due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Although there were significant within-group improvements in both groups after the 8-week intervention, there was no significant difference in normal walking speed (-1.03 cm/s [SD 1.30]; 95% CI -3.60 to 1.54) and walking while talking conditions (0.59 cm/s [SD 1.61]; 95% CI -2.59 to 3.76) between the intervention and control groups. Similarly, within-group, but no between-group, differences were seen on executive function tests and physical function. There were no severe adverse events related to interventions.Interpretation Computerised cognitive remediation improved walking in adults aged 70 years and older at high-risk for mobility disability, but improvements were not significantly greater compared with an active control. Although our findings corroborate the within-group improvements on cognition and mobility reported in previous pilot clinical trials, future studies are required to determine the optimal dose, frequency, intensity, and content of computerised cognitive remediation programmes. Copyright (C) 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a study that uses a computerised cognitive remediation programme (referred to as "brain games") to improve walking in older adults. While the intervention targets older people and involves a form of cognitive training, it does not specifically use exergames, which typically involve physical exercise integrated with gaming or virtual reality. The study focuses on cognitive remediation rather than exergames. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Verma, S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    A Low-Cost Adaptive Balance Training Platform for Stroke Patients: A Usability Study.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON NEURAL SYSTEMS AND REHABILITATION ENGINEERING 25(7): 935-944.
[Abstract] Stroke patients usually suffer from asymmetric posture due to hemi-paresis that can result in reduced postural controllability leading to a balance deficit. This deficit increases the risk of falls, which often makes them dependent on caregivers for community ambulation, thus deteriorating their quality of life. Conventional balance training involves rehabilitation exercises performed under physiotherapist's supervision, where the scarcity of trained professionals as well as the cost of clinic-based rehabilitation programs can deter stroke survivors from undergoing regular balance training. Thus, researchers have been exploring technology-assisted solutions, e. g., homebased virtual reality (VR) setup. In this paper, we developed a VR-based balance training (VBaT) platform, where VR-augmented user-interface using Nintendo Wii balance boardwas tested in a laboratorysetting for its feasibility. The VBaT offered tasks of varying difficulties to the participants that adapted to individual performance capability during balance training. We performed a preliminaryusability study with 7 stroke survivors (post-stroke period > 6 months). Preliminary results indicate the potential of theVBaT system to cause improvement in overall average task performance over the course of training while using the VBaT. Thus the VBaT system is proposed to be a step toward an effective balance training platform for people with balance disorder.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on a VR-based balance training platform for stroke patients, not specifically for the elderly. Although the intervention involves an exergame (VR with a Nintendo Wii balance board), and it aims to improve balance and reduce the risk of falls, the target population is stroke survivors, not older people in general. Additionally, the study is a usability study rather than a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, this paper does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Victor, B. A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Enhancing Dynamic Balance and Postural Stability in Stroke Patients: The Impact of Immersive Virtual Reality Training.
[Journal]  CUREUS JOURNAL OF MEDICAL SCIENCE 16(8).
[Abstract] Introduction Stroke is a major neurological event resulting from reduced or blocked blood flow to the brain, leading to significant morbidity. Immediate medical attention is essential to minimize brain damage and improve outcomes since it leads to many clinical deficits like locomotor impairment, instability in postural control, tonic alterations of the affected musculature, and an array of neurological dysfunctions if left unnoticed. Immersive virtual reality (VR) has emerged as a novel therapeutic tool in stroke rehabilitation, offering engaging and realistic environments for therapy. This study aims to evaluate the effectiveness of immersive VR training combined with functional gait exercises in improving dynamic balance and postural stability in stroke patients, compared to VR training alone. Methods This comparative study included 30 subjects from Madha Medical College and Hospital, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, divided into two groups. Group A (n=15) received immersive VR combined with functional gait exercises, while Group B (n=15) received immersive VR alone. Subjects were aged 40-60 years with stable blood pressure and a stroke duration of two weeks to six months. The study spanned 12 weeks, with 30- minute sessions on alternate days. Dynamic balance and postural stability were assessed using the Functional Gait Assessment (FGA) and Falls Efficacy Scale (FES). Pre-test and post-test scores were evaluated using parametric tests. Results Post-test mean values showed significant improvements in both groups. Group A demonstrated greater effectiveness, with lower FES scores (mean 36.66 +/- 11.12) than Group B (mean 46.66 +/- 9.75). FGA scores were higher in Group A (mean 28.00 +/- 0.925) compared to Group B (mean 26.06 +/- 1.66). Significant differences were observed in pre-test and post-test values within each group, supporting the hypothesis that combined VR and gait exercises offer superior rehabilitation outcomes. Conclusions Immersive VR combined with functional gait exercises significantly improves dynamic balance and postural stability in stroke patients compared to VR alone. This integrated approach can enhance motor function recovery, increase independence, and improve the quality of life. VR's capability to simulate real-life activities and provide immediate feedback allows for personalized rehabilitation programs. Further research is required to validate these findings and optimize VR-based rehabilitation protocols.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of immersive virtual reality (VR) training to improve dynamic balance and postural stability in stroke patients, not specifically in the elderly. The intervention targets stroke patients aged 40-60 years, which does not meet the criteria of targeting older people (typically defined as 65 years and older). Additionally, the focus is on stroke rehabilitation rather than fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Viola, I., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Using an Edugame to Develop Socio-Emotional and Perspective-Taking Skills at School.
[Journal]  International Journal of Digital Literacy and Digital Competence: 14 pp.-14 pp.
[Abstract] Both low-perspective taking and empathy skills and high levels of anxiety among pupils are risk factors for bullying, social isolation, educational failure, and school drop-out. As confirmed by multiple studies, these factors may also bring out special educational needs. For this reason, it is essential to adopt didactic devices, such as edugames, useful for developing these skills and to specifically ensure everyone's active participation. Therefore, the paper will present the results of a study aimed at investigating the relationship between PT and anxiety levels in school-aged children through the adoption of an edugame prototype and the screening for child anxiety-related emotional disorders to measure and enhance these skills in pupils with high levels of anxiety.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets school-aged children, and the focus is on developing socio-emotional and perspective-taking skills using an edugame, rather than on preventing falls in older people. Additionally, the study does not mention a randomized controlled trial or any outcomes related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Vonstad, E. K., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Performance of machine learning models in estimation of ground reaction forces during balance exergaming.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 19(1).
[Abstract] Background: Balance training exercise games (exergames) are a promising tool for reducing fall risk in elderly. Exergames can be used for in-home guided exercise, which greatly increases availability and facilitates independence. Providing biofeedback on weight-shifting during in-home balance exercise improves exercise efficiency, but suitable equipment for measuring weight-shifting is lacking. Exergames often use kinematic data as input for game control. Being able to useg such data to estimate weight-shifting would be a great advantage. Machine learning (ML) models have been shown to perform well in weight-shifting estimation in other settings. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate the performance of ML models in estimation of weight-shifting during exergaming using kinematic data.Methods: Twelve healthy older adults (mean age 72 (+/- 4.2), 10 F) played a custom exergame that required repeated weight-shifts. Full-body 3D motion capture (3DMoCap) data and standard 2D digital video (2D-DV) was recorded. Weight shifting was directly measured by 3D ground reaction forces (GRF) from force plates, and estimated using a linear regression model, a long-short term memory (LSTM) model and a decision tree model (XGBoost). Performance was evaluated using coefficient of determination (R-2) and root mean square error (RMSE).Results: Results from estimation of GRF components using 3DMoCap data show a mean (+/- 1SD) RMSE (% total body weight, BW) of the vertical GRF component (F-z) of 4.3 (2.5), 11.1 (4.5), and 11.0 (4.7) for LSTM, XGBoost and LinReg, respectively. Using 2D-DV data, LSTM and XGBoost achieve mean RMSE (+/- 1SD) in F-z estimation of 10.7 (9.0) %BW and 19.8 (6.4) %BW, respectively. R-2 was > .97 for the LSTM in the F-z component using 3DMoCap data, and > .77 using 2D-DV data. For XGBoost, F-z R-2 was > .86 using 3DMoCap data, and >.56 using 2D-DV data.Conclusion: This study demonstrates that an LSTM model can estimate 3-dimensional GRF components using 2D kinematic data extracted from standard 2D digital video cameras. The F-z component is estimated more accurately than F-y and F-x components, especially when using 2D-DV data. Weight-shifting performance during exergaming can thus be extracted using kinematic data only, which can enable effective independent in-home balance exergaming.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the performance of machine learning models in estimating ground reaction forces during balance exergaming, but it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial (RCT) focused on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study evaluates the accuracy of different machine learning models in estimating weight-shifting, which is an important aspect of balance training, but it does not meet the criteria for being an RCT that directly investigates the effectiveness of exergames in preventing falls.

[Author]   Vossen, E. (2020). 
[Title]    There and Back Again <i>Tolkien</i>, <i>Gamers</i>, <i>and the Remediation of Exclusion through Fantasy Media</i>.
[Journal]  FEMINIST MEDIA HISTORIES 6(1): 37-65.
[Abstract] The cultural ubiquity of The Lord of the Rings has shaped our contemporary assumptions about what the fantasy genre looks like, and these assumptions have in turn determined to a great extent what video games look like both historically and today. The Lord of the Rings and video games are, sadly, both well known for their lack of diversity, and this article argues that that is no coincidence. Focusing on the impact of the life and work of J. R. R. Tolkien, it traces fantasy media from the birth of the genre to the present day to discuss how exclusion is remediated, normalized, and justified. It challenges the racism of the "historical accuracy" fallacy and details how very old sexist literary tropes are continually remediated into contemporary fantasy video games. It asks: What can past discourses surrounding diversity in fantasy media tell us about the resistance to diversity in video games in the present?
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The abstract indicates that the paper focuses on the cultural impact of J.R.R. Tolkien's work and the lack of diversity in fantasy media, including video games. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or conducting randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Vugts, M. A. P., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Serious Gaming During Multidisciplinary Rehabilitation for Patients With Chronic Pain or Fatigue Symptoms: Mixed Methods Design of a Realist Process Evaluation.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MEDICAL INTERNET RESEARCH 22(3).
[Abstract] Background: Serious gaming could support patients in learning to cope with chronic pain or functional somatic syndromes and reduce symptom burdens.Objective: To realize this potential, insight is needed into how, why, for whom, and when it works in actual treatment circumstances.Methods: Following a realist approach, process evaluations were performed before, during, and after a two-armed, natural quasi-experiment (n=275). A group of patients with interfering chronic pain or fatigue symptoms received a short additional blended mindfulness-based serious gaming intervention during a multidisciplinary rehabilitation program. A control group only received the regular rehabilitation program. During two sessions before and one session after the experiment, expectations about serious gaming processes were discussed in focus groups with local care providers, implementers, and experts. Patients participated in a survey (n=114) and in semistructured interviews (n=10). The qualitative data were used to develop tentative expectations about aspects of serious gaming that, in certain patients and circumstances, trigger mechanisms of learning and health outcome change. Hypotheses about indicative quantitative data patterns for tentative expectations were formulated before inspecting, describing, and analyzing-with regression models-routinely collected clinical outcome data. An updated program theory was formulated after mixing the qualitative and quantitative results.Results: Qualitative data showed that a subset of patients perceived improvement of their self-awareness in moments of daily social interactions. These results were explained by patients, who played the serious game LAKA, as a "confrontation with yourself," which reflected self-discrepancies. Important characteristics of serious gaming in the study's context included innovation factors of relative advantage with experiential learning opportunity, compatibility with the treatment approach, and the limited flexibility in regard to patient preferences. Perceived patient factors included age and style of coping with stress or pain. Learning perceptions could also depend on care provider role-taking and the planning and facilitating (ie, local organization) of serious gaming introduction and feedback sessions in small groups of patients. Quantitative data showed very small average differences between the study groups in self-reported depression, pain, and fatigue changes (-.07<beta<-.17, all 95% CI upper bounds <0), which were mediated by small group differences in midfulness (beta=.26, 95% CI .02-51.). Mindfulness changes were positively associated with patient involvement in serious gaming (n=114, beta=.36, p=001). Acceptance of serious gaming was lower in older patients. Average health outcome changes went up to a medium size in patients that reported lower active coping with stress and lower pain coping before serious gaming Mindfulness changes and gaming acceptance perceptions covaried with group structure and immediate feedback sessions after serious gaming.Conclusions: This study developed transferable insight into how and why serious gaming can facilitate additional learning about coping in order to reduce burdens of chronic pain or fatigue symptoms in certain patients and in actual treatment circumstances. Future studies are needed to continue the development of this fallible theory. Such research will further support decisions about using, designing, allocating, and tailoring serious gaming to optimize important patient health benefits.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets patients with chronic pain or fatigue symptoms, and the focus is on a serious gaming intervention to support coping with these conditions. The study does not specifically target older people, nor does it focus on preventing falls. Additionally, the study design is a mixed-methods realist process evaluation, which includes qualitative and quantitative data, but it is not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Wang, H. and S. Dueball (2018). 
[Title]    Subject-specific Musculoskeletal Model for Studying Bone Strain During Dynamic Motion.
[Journal]  JOVE-JOURNAL OF VISUALIZED EXPERIMENTS(134).
[Abstract] Bone stress injuries are common in sports and military trainings. Repetitive large ground impact forces during training could be the cause. It is essential to determine the effect of high ground impact forces on lower-body bone deformation to better understand the mechanisms of bone stress injuries. Conventional strain gauge measurement has been used to study in vivo tibia deformation. This method is associated with limitations including invasiveness of the procedure, involvement of few human subjects, and limited strain data from small bone surface areas. The current study intends to introduce a novel approach to study tibia bone strain under high impact loading conditions. A subject-specific musculoskeletal model was created to represent a healthy male (19 years, 80 kg, 1,800 mm). A flexible finite element tibia model was created based on a computed tomography (CT) scan of the subject's right tibia. Laboratory motion capture was performed to obtain kinematics and ground reaction forces of drop-landings from different heights (26, 39, 52 cm). Multibody dynamic computer simulations combined with a modal analysis of the flexible tibia were performed to quantify tibia strain during drop-landings. Calculated tibia strain data were in good agreement with previous in vivo studies. It is evident that this non-invasive approach can be applied to study tibia bone strain during high impact activities for a large cohort, which will lead to a better understanding of injury mechanism of tibia stress fractures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on developing a subject-specific musculoskeletal model to study bone strain during dynamic motion, specifically in the context of high-impact activities like drop-landings. The target population is a healthy 19-year-old male, and the intervention involves creating a musculoskeletal model and performing simulations, rather than using exergames. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Wang, J. M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Machine learning for screening of at-risk, mild and moderate COPD patients at risk of FEV<sub>1</sub> decline: results from COPDGene and SPIROMICS.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PHYSIOLOGY 14.
[Abstract] Purpose: The purpose of this study was to train and validate machine learning models for predicting rapid decline of forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) in individuals with a smoking history at-risk-for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD 0), or with mild-to-moderate (GOLD 1-2) COPD. We trained multiple models to predict rapid FEV1 decline using demographic, clinical and radiologic biomarker data. Training and internal validation data were obtained from the COPDGene study and prediction models were validated against the SPIROMICS cohort.Methods: We used GOLD 0-2 participants (n = 3,821) from COPDGene (60.0 +/- 8.8 years, 49.9% male) for variable selection and model training. Accelerated lung function decline was defined as a mean drop in FEV1% predicted of > 1.5%/year at 5-year follow-up. We built logistic regression models predicting accelerated decline based on 22 chest CT imaging biomarker, pulmonary function, symptom, and demographic features. Models were validated using n = 885 SPIROMICS subjects (63.6 +/- 8.6 years, 47.8% male).Results: The most important variables for predicting FEV1 decline in GOLD 0 participants were bronchodilator responsiveness (BDR), post bronchodilator FEV1% predicted (FEV1.pp.post), and CT-derived expiratory lung volume; among GOLD 1 and 2 subjects, they were BDR, age, and PRMlower lobes fSAD. In the validation cohort, GOLD 0 and GOLD 1-2 full variable models had significant predictive performance with AUCs of 0.620 +/- 0.081 (p = 0.041) and 0.640 +/- 0.059 (p < 0.001). Subjects with higher model-derived risk scores had significantly greater odds of FEV1 decline than those with lower scores.Conclusion: Predicting FEV1 decline in at-risk patients remains challenging but a combination of clinical, physiologic and imaging variables provided the best performance across two COPD cohorts.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using machine learning to predict the decline of forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) in individuals at risk for or with mild-to-moderate chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Wang, L., et al. (2023).
[Title]    AEC-GAN: Adversarial Error Correction GANs for Auto-Regressive Long Time-Series Generation
[Journal]  THIRTY-SEVENTH AAAI CONFERENCE ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE, VOL 37 NO 8: 10140-10148.
[Abstract] Large-scale high-quality data is critical for training modern deep neural networks. However, data acquisition can be costly or time-consuming for many time-series applications, thus researchers turn to generative models for generating synthetic time-series data. In particular, recent generative adversarial networks (GANs) have achieved remarkable success in time-series generation. Despite their success, existing GAN models typically generate the sequences in an auto-regressive manner, and we empirically observe that they suffer from severe distribution shifts and bias amplification, especially when generating long sequences. To resolve this problem, we propose Adversarial Error Correction GAN (AEC-GAN), which is capable of dynamically correcting the bias in the past generated data to alleviate the risk of distribution shifts and thus can generate high-quality long sequences. AEC-GAN contains two main innovations: (1) We develop an error correction module to mitigate the bias. In the training phase, we adversarially perturb the realistic time-series data and then optimize this module to reconstruct the original data. In the generation phase, this module can act as an efficient regulator to detect and mitigate the bias. (2) We propose an augmentation method to facilitate GAN's training by introducing adversarial examples. Thus, AEC-GAN can generate high-quality sequences of arbitrary lengths, and the synthetic data can be readily applied to downstream tasks to boost their performance. We conduct extensive experiments on six widely used datasets and three state-of-the-art time-series forecasting models to evaluate the quality of our synthetic time-series data in different lengths and downstream tasks. Both the qualitative and quantitative experimental results demonstrate the superior performance of AEC-GAN over other deep generative models for time-series generation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a new generative adversarial network (GAN) method for generating high-quality long time-series data. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Wang, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Urban flooding damage prediction in matrix scenarios of extreme rainfall using a convolutional neural network.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF HYDROLOGY 644.
[Abstract] The pivotal role of quantitative risk assessment in managing urban stormwater is underscored by the high spatial heterogeneity and complex non-stationarity complex of urban flooding. Conventional methods, reliant on measurable data, often fall short in accurately mapping spatial variations and gauging the full impacts of urban flooding. Addressing this gap, this study proposed a robust convolutional neural networks (CNN)-based tool, specifically designed for urban flooding risk and economic losses estimation under extreme design rainfall scenarios. Furthermore, the study validates the transferability of CNN models trained in data-abundant regions to similar but data-scarce regions, using Guangzhou as a case study for urban flooding damage prediction. The findings reveal that the most affected areas, particularly the old, densely built-up urban areas in the south-central Guangzhou, are susceptible to significant economic losses during extreme rainfall events. Notably, under the most severe scenario (Scenario 5), estimated economic losses amount to approximately $6359.91 million, with industrial and residential sectors bearing the brunt, accounting for 28.29 % and 39.94 % of the total losses, respectively. These insights are crucial for prioritizing mitigation efforts and formulating effective evacuation strategies in high-risk areas, ultimately aiding in the reduction of economic losses.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about urban flooding damage prediction using a convolutional neural network and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Wang, P., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Edge drop control of cold rolled silicon steel strip based on model predictive control.
[Journal]  Journal of Manufacturing Processes: 88-95.
[Abstract] The closed-loop edge drop control system of cold rolled silicon steel strip is a typical time-delay control system, and the measurement time-delay has a great influence on the stability of the control system. In order to improve the stability and control accuracy of the closed-loop edge drop control system, an edge drop control model based on model predictive control for cold rolled silicon steel strip is proposed in this paper. In order to improve the accuracy of control system model parameters, the priori efficiency coefficients of work roll shifting (WRS) for edge drop control are determined by rolling experiments, and the online optimization of priori efficiency coefficients is realized by process data. On this basis, the time delay analysis of control system is completed by equal flow method, and a closed-loop control strategy for edge drop control is developed by introducing predictive aging value into model predictive control. Finally, trajectory smoothing is used to complete the smooth output of predicted control, and then improve the dynamic characteristics of the closed-loop edge drop control system. Theoretical analysis, simulation experiments and application show that the model prediction-based edge drop control method has higher accuracy and faster response characteristics compared with conventional control method, and can realize high-precision edge drop control process of cold rolled silicon steel strip. All rights reserved Elsevier.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the edge drop control of cold rolled silicon steel strip using model predictive control. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not related to fall prevention in the elderly. The content is focused on manufacturing processes and control systems, which are unrelated to the criteria you provided.

[Author]   Wang, X., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Enhancing Dependability Analysis Provisioning in CBTC Wireless Communication System With Age of Information.
[Journal]  IEEE TRANSACTIONS ON VEHICULAR TECHNOLOGY 71(2): 1617-1630.
[Abstract] As a crucial part of the communication-based train control (CBTC) system, the wireless communication subsystem is responsible for transmitting safety-critical information, which directly affects the safe and efficient operation of the urban rail transit. The dependability analysis method for wireless communication in CBTC is critical and necessary to ensure the stable transmission of safety-critical information. However, most of the existing researches in CBTC lack a unified evaluation index to analyze the wireless communication dependability. In this paper, the dependability of wireless communication system in CBTC is established. To be specific, timeliness, integrity, security, and safety are used to describe the dependability of CBTC wireless communication system in our definition. The age of information (AoI) is used to quantitatively analyze the dependability in the CBTC wireless communication system. To verify the effectiveness of the proposed dependability analysis method, we quantitatively introduce the dependability of wireless communication system in CBTC with different scenarios, including packet-drop, re-transmission, handoff, and cyber-attack. Simulation results show that the designed dependability analysis method with quantized AoI can efficiently describe the dependability of CBTC wireless communication system in different scenarios.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about enhancing dependability analysis in a wireless communication system for train control and does not meet any of the criteria related to exergames or fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Wang, X., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Joint Security and QoS Provisioning in Train-Centric CBTC Systems Under Sybil Attacks.
[Journal]  IEEE ACCESS 7: 91169-91182.
[Abstract] The security and Quality-of-Service (QoS) provisioning are two critical themes in urban rail communication-based train control (CBTC) data communication systems, which can directly affect the train's safe operation. In this paper, we design the novel train-centric CBTC systems using train-to-train (T2T) wireless communication with the innovative security check scheme. The local security certification and cooperative security check are proposed to detect and defense the Sybil attack based on the CBTC T2T communications. The quantized Age of Information (AoI) is used as an integrated QoS and security indicator of the train-centric CBTC data communication systems. The proposed AoI indicator fully considers the impact of the packet drop and re-transmission, Sybil attack, and the cooperative security check on CBTC systems. The policy-based asynchronous reinforcement learning is utilized to improve the integrated AoI performance. The simulation results show that the proposed cooperative security check scheme with the optimization model can achieve improved integrated AoI performance, compared with the traditional security check scheme. Moreover, with the help of the cooperative security check scheme, we detect and defense the Sybil attack against the train-centric CBTC systems with much higher probability.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on security and Quality-of-Service (QoS) provisioning in train-centric Communication-Based Train Control (CBTC) systems, specifically addressing Sybil attacks in urban rail communication systems.

[Author]   Wang, X., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effects of Virtual Reality-Assisted and Overground Gait Adaptation Training on Balance and Walking Ability in Stroke Patients.
[Journal]  AMERICAN JOURNAL OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE & REHABILITATION 103(6): 480-487.
[Abstract] Objective: This study compared the effects of virtual reality-assisted gait adaptation training with the overground gait adaptation training on balance and walking in patients with stroke. Methods: Fifty-four eligible patients were enrolled. All patients were randomly divided into a virtual reality and control group, with 27 patients in each group. The virtual reality group received virtual reality-assisted training on the treadmill, whereas the control group received overground training in a physical therapy room. After the intervention, patients were assessed using walking speed, obstacle avoidance ability, Timed Up and Go test, postural stability, and the Barthel Index. Results: Significant improvements in walking speed, obstacle avoidance ability, Timed Up and Go test, and eye-opening center of pressure speed were observed after the intervention (P < 0.05). No statistically significant differences were found in eye-closing center of pressure speed, tandem center of pressure speed, single-leg center of pressure speed, and Barthel Index (P > 0.05). Conclusions: Stroke patients may benefit from virtual reality-assisted gait adaptation training in improving walking and static balance function and reducing the risk of falls.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality-assisted gait adaptation training in stroke patients, not specifically in the elderly. While the intervention involves a form of exergame (virtual reality), and the study design includes a randomized controlled trial, the target population is stroke patients, which does not necessarily meet the criteria of being "older people" as specified. Additionally, the focus is on improving balance and walking ability, rather than explicitly preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Wang, Y., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Intelligent medical IoT health monitoring system based on VR and wearable devices.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF INTELLIGENT SYSTEMS 32(1).
[Abstract] In order to improve the shortcomings of the traditional monitoring equipment that is difficult to measure the daily physical parameters of the elderly and improve the accuracy of parameter measurement, this article designs wearable devices through the Internet of Things technology and virtual reality technology. With this device, four daily physical parameters of the elderly, such as exercise heart rate, blood pressure, plantar health, and sleep function, are measured. The feasibility of the measurement method and equipment is verified by experiments. The experimental results showed that the accuracy of the measurement method based on the reflective photoplethysmography signal was high, with the mean and difference values of the subjects' heart rate basically lying around 0 BPM and in good agreement between the estimated heart rate and the reference value. In the blood pressure measurements, the correlation coefficient between the P-rs estimate and the reference value was 0.81. The estimation accuracy of the device used in the article was high, with the highest correlation coefficient of 0.96 +/- 0.02 for subjects' heart rate at rest, and its estimation error rate was 0.02 +/- 0.01. The P-nth value for subject B8 exceeded the threshold of 0.5 before subject B21, and subject B8 had more severe symptoms, which was consistent with the actual situation. The wearable device was able to identify the subject's eye features and provide appropriate videos to help subjects with poor sleep quality to fall asleep. The article provides a method and device that facilitates healthcare professionals to make real-time enquiries and receive user health advice.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the development and testing of a health monitoring system that uses virtual reality (VR) and wearable devices to measure various physical parameters in the elderly, such as heart rate, blood pressure, plantar health, and sleep function. However, it does not specifically address the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study is more about the feasibility and accuracy of the monitoring system rather than an intervention using exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Wang, Y., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Can a single session of treadmill-based slip training reduce daily life falls in community-dwelling older adults? A randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  AGING CLINICAL AND EXPERIMENTAL RESEARCH 34(7): 1593-1602.
[Abstract] Background Task-specific training with single-session overground slip simulation has shown to reduce real-life falls in older adults. Aims The purpose of this study was to determine if fall-resisting behavior acquired from a single-session treadmill-based gait slip training could be retained to reduce older adults' falls in everyday living over a 6-month follow-up period. Methods 143 community-dwelling older adults (>= 65 years old) were randomly assigned to either the treadmill-based gait slip training group (N = 73), in which participants were exposed to 40 unpredictable treadmill slips, or the control group (N = 70), in which participants walked on a treadmill at their comfortable speed. Participants reported their falls from the preceding year (through self-report history) and over the following 6 months (through fall diaries and monitored with phone calls). Results There was no main effect of time (retrospective vs. prospective fall) and training (treadmill training vs. control) on fall reduction (p > 0.05 for both). The survival distributions of event of all-cause falls or slip falls were comparable between groups (p > 0.05 for both). Discussion Unlike overground slip training where a single training session could significantly reduce everyday falls in a 6-month follow-up period, the results indicated that one treadmill-based gait slip training session by itself was unable to produce similar effects. Conclusion Further modification of the training protocol by increasing training dosage (e.g., number of sessions or perturbation intensity) may be necessary to enhance transfer to daily living. This study (NCT02126488) was registered on April 30, 2014.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study involves older adults and a randomized controlled trial, the intervention is treadmill-based gait slip training, which is not an exergame. Exergames typically involve virtual reality, video games, or other electronic games, and this study does not describe such an intervention.

[Author]   Wang, Y., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Application of Serious Games in Health Care: Scoping Review and Bibliometric Analysis.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PUBLIC HEALTH 10.
[Abstract] BackgroundSerious games (SGs) as one kind of intervention that can improve the level of knowledge and change behavior to affect health outcomes has been increasingly applied in health care. ObjectiveAnalyze hotspots and trends of the application of SGs in health care and provide reference and direction for further research in the future. MethodsThe Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection database was used for extracting the literature on SGs in health care for the period from the database established to 11 October, 2021. Scoping review and bibliometric analysis were used to deeply analyze and visualize countries, categories of studies, annual study output, cited authors, cited journals, cited articles, and keywords of healthcare field. ResultsA total of 1,322 articles were retrieved, then every articles' title and abstract were read one by one, and 795 articles were included after screening with an exponential increase in publication volume. The United States of America made the greatest contribution to global publications regarding SGs in health care. From the total, 20.8% of articles fall under the category of health care sciences services. The target groups were mainly concentrated in children (18.0%), youth (13.8%), the elderly (10.9%), adolescents (9.1%), and adults (3.4%). Baranowski T (n = 103 citations) is the most influential author, followed by Kato PM (n = 73 citations) and Desmet A (n = 58 citations). The top three cited journals were "Plos One" (n = 268 citations), "Games for Health Journal" (n = 209 citations), and "Journal of Medical Internet Research" (n = 197 citations), and the top three cited articles were "A meta-analysis of serious digital games for healthy lifestyle promotion," "A Systematic Review of Serious Games in Training Health Care Professionals," and "Video game training enhances cognitive control in older adults." More and more studies focus on specific age groups, such as children, adolescents, and the elderly. The research hotspots and trends included "rehabilitation," "medical education," and "design." ConclusionsThe application of SGs in health care remains important areas for future research. "Rehabilitation," "medical education," and "design" reflected the latest research hotpots and future trends.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a scoping review and bibliometric analysis, which does not meet the criteria for including original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while it mentions serious games (which can include exergames) and their application in health care, it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study covers a broad range of topics and target groups, including children, youth, and adults, with only 10.9% of the articles focusing on the elderly. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Wang, Y., et al. (2023).
[Title]    Graceful User Following for Mobile Balance Assistive Robot in Daily Activities Assistance
[Journal]  IFAC PAPERSONLINE. 56: 1139-1144.
[Abstract] Numerous diseases and aging can cause degeneration of people's balance ability resulting in limited mobility and even high risks of fall. Robotic technologies can provide more intensive rehabilitation exercises or be used as assistive devices to compensate for balance ability. However, With the new healthcare paradigm shifting from hospital care to home care, there is a gap in robotic systems that can provide care at home. This paper introduces Mobile Robotic Balance Assistant (MRBA), a compact and cost-effective balance assistive robot that can provide both rehabilitation training and activities of daily living (ADLs) assistance at home. A three degrees of freedom (3-DoF) robotic arm was designed to mimic the therapist arm function to provide balance assistance to the user. To minimize the interference to users' natural pelvis movements and gait patterns, the robot must have a Human-Robot Interface(HRI) that can detect user intention accurately and follow the user's movement smoothly and timely. Thus, a graceful user following control rule was proposed. The overall control architecture consists of two parts: an observer for human inputs estimation and an LQR-based controller with disturbance rejection. The proposed controller is validated in high-fidelity simulation with actual human trajectories, and the results successfully show the effectiveness of the method in different walking modes. Copyright (C) 2023 The Authors.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a Mobile Robotic Balance Assistant (MRBA) that provides balance assistance and activities of daily living (ADLs) support for users, including the elderly. However, it does not mention the use of exergames as an intervention. The focus is on the design and control of a robotic system to assist with balance, rather than using exergames or similar technologies. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Wang, Y.-H. (2024). 
[Title]    Understanding Senior Adults' Needs, Preferences, and Experiences of Commercial Exergames for Health: Usability Study.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 12.
[Abstract] Background: Many senior adults are at risk of mental and physical disorders due to a lack of sufficient exercise. Therefore, adherent exercise should be urgently promoted to improve senior adults' muscle strength, preventing falls and conditions caused by physical and cognitive decline. However, off-the-shelf exercise games, so-called exergames, are mainly targeted at the younger generation or children, while senior adults are neglected, when this age group strongly needs exercise. Exergames could serve as a health intervention for promoting exercise. Objective: This study aimed to investigate senior adults' experience, perceptions, and acceptance of game technology to promote exercise in order to suggest game design guidelines. Methods: In this usability study, participants engaged in playing Nintendo Switch and Xbox Kinect games, after which semistructured interviews were conducted. Before the gameplay, the participants provided their background information, exercise habits, and use of technology products. Next, all participants completed a workshop including 3 activities (brief instructions on how to play the games: 20 minutes; playing the selected exergames: 80 minutes; semistructured interviews: 20 minutes) for 2 hours a day for 3 days each. The participants played the latest Nintendo Switch games (eg, Just Dance, Boxing, Ring Fit Adventure) and Xbox Kinect games (eg, Kinect Adventures!, Mini Games). Just Dance, Zumba, and Boxing were played in activity 1; Ring Fit Adventure and Mini Games in activity 2; and Kinect Adventures! in activity 3. Reflexive thematic analysis was applied to identify the relative themes generated from the interviews Results: In total, 22 participants (mean age 70.4, SD 6.1 years) were enrolled in the workshop in May 2021. The results of the generated themes included incomprehension of game instructions, psychological perception of game technology, and game art preferences. The subthemes generated from game art preferences included favorite game genres, characters, and scenes. Conclusions: There is a significant need for customized game tutorials considering senior adults' cognitive and physical aging. Furthermore, the adventure game genre is preferable to other games. Humanlike game characters are preferable, especially those with a fit and healthy body shape. Nature scenes are more enjoyable than indoor stages or rooms. Furthermore, the game intensity design and playing time should be carefully planned to meet the World Health Organization's criteria for physical activity in older adults. Intelligent recommendation systems might be helpful to support older adults with various health conditions. The guidelines suggested in this study might be beneficial for game design, exercise training, and game technology adoption of exergames for older adults to improve health.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on understanding the needs, preferences, and experiences of senior adults with commercial exergames. It does not report on a randomized controlled trial (RCT) that specifically investigates the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Instead, it is a usability study aimed at providing design guidelines for exergames for older adults. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the intervention being an RCT and reporting results related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Watkins, C. A., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Age suit simulation replicates in healthy young adults the functional challenges to balance experienced by older adults: an observational study.
[Journal]  BMJ SIMULATION & TECHNOLOGY ENHANCED LEARNING 7(6): 581-585.
[Abstract] Background Age simulation can have a positive effect on empathic understanding and perception of ageing. However, there is limited evidence for its ability to replicate objectively the physical and functional challenges of ageing.Objective To observe whether age suit simulation can replicate in healthy young adults the physical and physiological balance disturbance and falls risk experienced by older adults.Methodology Healthy young adults aged 20-40 years (16 male) were recruited to the study using convenience sampling from a student population. Participants performed three validated balance tests-Functional Reach Test (FRT), Timed Up and Go (TUG) and Berg Balance Scale (BBS)-first without the age suit and then with the age suit, using a standardised protocol, following the same sequence.Results 30 participants completed all tests. Statistically significant differences between without-age-suit and with-age-suit performance were recorded for FRT distance (p<0.000005), time taken to complete the TUG (p<0.0005) and BBS score (p<0.001). A comparison of participant scores with normative FRT and TUG scores identified that the suit had 'aged' the majority of participants to the normative values for older adults (60+), with some reaching the values for individuals aged 70-89. However, no scores achieved the values indicative of increased falls risk.Conclusions The age suit is a valid educational tool that extends the value of age simulation beyond a more general empathising role, enabling those working with an older population to experience and understand the functional challenges to balance experienced by older adults as part of their training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using an age suit to simulate the balance challenges experienced by older adults in healthy young adults. It does not involve exergames, and it is not a randomized controlled trial focused on preventing falls in the elderly. The study is observational and aims to validate the use of an age suit as an educational tool.

[Author]   Watts, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Machine learning model comparison for freezing of gait prediction in advanced Parkinson's disease.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 16.
[Abstract] Introduction Freezing of gait (FOG) is a paroxysmal motor phenomenon that increases in prevalence as Parkinson's disease (PD) progresses. It is associated with a reduced quality of life and an increased risk of falls in this population. Precision-based detection and classification of freezers are critical to developing tailored treatments rooted in kinematic assessments. Methods This study analyzed instrumented stand-and-walk (SAW) trials from advanced PD patients with STN-DBS. Each patient performed two SAW trials in their OFF Medication-OFF DBS state. For each trial, gait summary statistics from wearable sensors were analyzed by machine learning classification algorithms. These algorithms include k-nearest neighbors, logistic regression, na & iuml;ve Bayes, random forest, and support vector machines (SVM). Each of these models were selected for their high interpretability. Each algorithm was tasked with classifying patients whose SAW trials MDS-UPDRS FOG subscore was non-zero as assessed by a trained movement disorder specialist. These algorithms' performance was evaluated using stratified five-fold cross-validation. Results A total of 21 PD subjects were evaluated (average age 64.24 years, 16 males, mean disease duration of 14 years). Fourteen subjects had freezing of gait in the OFF MED/OFF DBS. All machine learning models achieved statistically similar predictive performance (p < 0.05) with high accuracy. Analysis of random forests' feature estimation revealed the top-ten spatiotemporal predictive features utilized in the model: foot strike angle, coronal range of motion [trunk and lumbar], stride length, gait speed, lateral step variability, and toe-off angle. Conclusion These results indicate that machine learning effectively classifies advanced PD patients as freezers or nonfreezers based on SAW trials in their non-medicated/non-stimulated condition. The machine learning models, specifically random forests, not only rely on but utilize salient spatial and temporal gait features for FOG classification.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using machine learning models to predict freezing of gait in advanced Parkinson's disease patients. It does not involve an exergame intervention, and the focus is on classification and prediction rather than a randomized controlled trial for fall prevention.

[Author]   Weaver, T. B., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Use of the Nintendo Wii Balance Board for Studying Standing Static Balance Control:Technical Considerations, Force-Plate Congruency, and the Effect of Battery Life.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF APPLIED BIOMECHANICS 33(1): 48-55.
[Abstract] The Nintendo Wii Balance Board (WBB) has become popular as a low-cost alternative to research-grade force plates. The purposes of this study were to characterize a series of technical specifications for the WBB, to compare balance control metrics derived from time-varying center of pressure (COP) signals collected simultaneously from a WBB and a research-grade force plate, and to investigate the effects of battery life. Drift, linearity, hysteresis, mass accuracy, uniformity of response, and COP accuracy were assessed from a WBB. In addition, 6 participants completed an eyes-closed quiet standing task on the WBB (at 3 battery life levels) mounted on a force plate while sway was simultaneously measured by both systems. Characterization results were all associated with less than 1% error. R-2 values reflecting WBB sensor linearity were >.99. Known and measured COP differences were lowest at the center of the WBB and greatest at the corners. Between-device differences in quiet stance COP summary metrics were of limited clinical significance. Lastly, battery life did not affect WBB COP accuracy, but did influence 2 of 8 quiet stance WBB parameters. This study provides general support for the WBB as a low-cost alternative to research-grade force plates for quantifying COP movement during standing.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on the technical considerations, force-plate congruency, and the effect of battery life of the Nintendo Wii Balance Board (WBB) for studying standing static balance control. It does not specifically address the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, nor does it include a randomized controlled trial. The study is more about the technical validation of the WBB as a tool for measuring balance, rather than an intervention to prevent falls.

[Author]   Webb, J. M., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Comparing deep learning-based automatic segmentation of breast masses to expert interobserver variability in ultrasound imaging.
[Journal]  COMPUTERS IN BIOLOGY AND MEDICINE 139.
[Abstract] Deep learning is a powerful tool that became practical in 2008, harnessing the power of Graphic Processing Unites, and has developed rapidly in image, video, and natural language processing. There are ongoing de-velopments in the application of deep learning to medical data for a variety of tasks across multiple imaging modalities. The reliability and repeatability of deep learning techniques are of utmost importance if deep learning can be considered a tool for assisting experts, including physicians, radiologists, and sonographers. Owing to the high costs of labeling data, deep learning models are often evaluated against one expert, and it is unknown if any errors fall within a clinically acceptable range. Ultrasound is a commonly used imaging modality for breast cancer screening processes and for visually estimating risk using the Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System score. This process is highly dependent on the skills and experience of the sonographers and ra-diologists, thereby leading to interobserver variability and interpretation. For these reasons, we propose an interobserver reliability study comparing the performance of a current top-performing deep learning segmen-tation model against three experts who manually segmented suspicious breast lesions in clinical ultrasound (US) images. We pretrained the model using a US thyroid segmentation dataset with 455 patients and 50,993 images, and trained the model using a US breast segmentation dataset with 733 patients and 29,884 images. We found a mean Fleiss kappa value of 0.78 for the performance of three experts in breast mass segmentation compared to a mean Fleiss kappa value of 0.79 for the performance of experts and the optimized deep learning model.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of deep learning for automatic segmentation of breast masses in ultrasound imaging and compares it to expert interobserver variability. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Webster, D. and O. Celik (2014). 
[Title]    Systematic review of Kinect applications in elderly care and stroke rehabilitation.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 11.
[Abstract] In this paper we present a review of the most current avenues of research into Kinect-based elderly care and stroke rehabilitation systems to provide an overview of the state of the art, limitations, and issues of concern as well as suggestions for future work in this direction. The central purpose of this review was to collect all relevant study information into one place in order to support and guide current research as well as inform researchers planning to embark on similar studies or applications. The paper is structured into three main sections, each one presenting a review of the literature for a specific topic. Elderly Care section is comprised of two subsections: Fall detection and Fall risk reduction. Stroke Rehabilitation section contains studies grouped under Evaluation of Kinect's spatial accuracy, and Kinect-based rehabilitation methods. The third section, Serious and exercise games, contains studies that are indirectly related to the first two sections and present a complete system for elderly care or stroke rehabilitation in a Kinect-based game format. Each of the three main sections conclude with a discussion of limitations of Kinect in its respective applications. The paper concludes with overall remarks regarding use of Kinect in elderly care and stroke rehabilitation applications and suggestions for future work. A concise summary with significant findings and subject demographics (when applicable) of each study included in the review is also provided in table format.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review that covers the use of Kinect applications in elderly care and stroke rehabilitation. While it does mention exergames and fall risk reduction, it does not meet the criteria for the specific question because:
- It is a review and does not include original data from randomized controlled trials.
- The focus is on summarizing existing literature rather than presenting new results from an intervention.

[Author]   Wegmann, K., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Inducing life-like distal radius fractures in human cadaveric specimens: a tool for enhanced surgical training.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF ORTHOPAEDIC AND TRAUMA SURGERY 140(3): 425-432.
[Abstract] Introduction Surgical education consists often times of a discrepancy between necessary amount of provided operative teaching and amount of organizational and ward duties. Operative education is often cut to a minimum. As public awareness toward surgical competence raises, so must the educational system. Courses that provide pre-fractured cadaveric specimens can facilitate surgical teaching realistically, prior to operating on living patients. The aim of this study is to introduce a realistic distal radius fracture simulation setup. Materials and methods 12 cadaveric specimens (3 male, 9 female) were fixed onto a custom drop-test-bench in the hyperextension of the wrist. The forearm was cut midway between elbow and carpus. The distal part of the forearm was potted, and the specimen was exposed to a high energetic impulse. CT imaging was performed after fracture simulation to detect the exact fracture patterns. We used the AO/ASIF recommendations and four-corner concept to classify the achieved fractures by two independent trauma surgeons. Results All cadaveric specimens could be successfully fractured. 11 fractures were classified as type 23C3.2 and one was classified as type 23C3.3, as additional fracture of diaphysis occurred. Subclassification according to the four-corner concept showed all fractures to be type C. A concomitant ulnar styloid fracture was observed in 4 cases. Furthermore, all cases showed at least one fragment involving the sigmoid notch. There was no statistically significant correlation found regarding Hounsfield Units (HU) and age (p value 0.402), as well as HU and required kinetic energy (p value 0.063). Conclusion A high energetic impulse induced by a custom-made drop-test bench can successfully simulate realistic distal radius fractures in cadaveric specimens with intact soft tissue. Furthermore, these pre-fractured specimens can be utilized in surgical education to provide a teaching experience as realistic as possible without harming living patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about inducing life-like distal radius fractures in human cadaveric specimens for enhanced surgical training. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the paper is a method for creating realistic fractures in cadavers, which is used for surgical training, and it does not involve exergames or target older people for fall prevention.

[Author]   Wei, M., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    The computer-aided parallel external fixator for complex lower limb deformity correction.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF COMPUTER ASSISTED RADIOLOGY AND SURGERY 12(12): 2107-2117.
[Abstract] Since parameters of the parallel external fixator are difficult to measure and calculate in real applications, this study developed computer software that can help the doctor measure parameters using digital technology and generate an electronic prescription for deformity correction.According to Paley's deformity measurement method, we provided digital measurement techniques. In addition, we proposed an deformity correction algorithm to calculate the elongations of the six struts and developed a electronic prescription software. At the same time, a three-dimensional simulation of the parallel external fixator and deformed fragment was made using virtual reality modeling language technology. From 2013 to 2015, fifteen patients with complex lower limb deformity were treated with parallel external fixators and the self-developed computer software. All of the cases had unilateral limb deformity. The deformities were caused by old osteomyelitis in nine cases and traumatic sequelae in six cases. A doctor measured the related angulation, displacement and rotation on postoperative radiographs using the digital measurement techniques. Measurement data were input into the electronic prescription software to calculate the daily adjustment elongations of the struts. Daily strut adjustments were conducted according to the data calculated. The frame was removed when expected results were achieved. Patients lived independently during the adjustment.The mean follow-up was 15 months (range 10-22 months). The duration of frame fixation from the time of application to the time of removal averaged 8.4 months (range 2.5-13.1 months). All patients were satisfied with the corrected limb alignment. No cases of wound infections or complications occurred.Using the computer-aided parallel external fixator for the correction of lower limb deformities can achieve satisfactory outcomes. The correction process can be simplified and is precise and digitized, which will greatly improve the treatment in a clinical application.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of computer-aided parallel external fixators for correcting complex lower limb deformities. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not focus on preventing falls. The study involves a specific medical intervention using digital technology and virtual reality for surgical planning and correction, but it is not related to exergames or fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Wei, T.-S., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Gait asymmetry, ankle spasticity, and depression as independent predictors of falls in ambulatory stroke patients.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 12(5).
[Abstract] BackgroundFalls are the leading cause of injury in stroke patients. However, the cause of a fall is complicated, and several types of risk factors are involved. Therefore, a comprehensive model to predict falls with high sensitivity and specificity is needed.MethodsThis study was a prospective study of 112 inpatients in a rehabilitation ward with follow-up interviews in patients' homes. Evaluations were performed 1 month after stroke and included the following factors: (1) status of cognition, depression, fear of fall and limb spasticity; (2) functional assessments [walking velocity and the Functional Independence Measure (FIM)]; and (3) objective, computerized gait and balance analyses. The outcome variable was the number of accidental falls during the 6-month follow-up period after baseline measurements.ResultsThe non-faller group exhibited significantly better walking velocity and FIM scale compared to the faller group (P < .001). The faller group exhibited higher levels of spasticity in the affected limbs, asymmetry of gait parameters in single support (P < .001), double support (P = .027), and step time (P = .003), and lower stability of center of gravity in the medial-lateral direction (P = .008). Psychological assessments revealed that the faller group exhibited more severe depression and lower confidence without falling. A multivariate logistic regression model identified three independent predictors of falls with high sensitivity (82.6%) and specificity (86.5%): the asymmetry ratio of single support [adjusted odds ratio, aOR = 2.2, 95% CI (1.2-3.8)], the level of spasticity in the gastrocnemius [aOR = 3.2 (1.4-7.3)], and the degree of depression [aOR = 1.4 (1.2-1.8)].ConclusionsThis study revealed depression, in additional to gait asymmetry and spasticity, as another independent factor for predicting falls. These results suggest that appropriate gait training, reduction of ankle spasticity, and aggressive management of depression may be critical to prevent falls in stroke patients.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on identifying independent predictors of falls in stroke patients, including gait asymmetry, ankle spasticity, and depression. It does not mention any exergame interventions or randomized controlled trials related to exergames.

[Author]   Weiss, H., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Non-fatal senior pickleball and tennis-related injuries treated in United States emergency departments, 2010-2019.
[Journal]  INJURY EPIDEMIOLOGY 8(1).
[Abstract] Background Pickleball is growing rapidly with a passionate senior following. Understanding and comparing players' injury experience through analysis of a nationally representative hospital emergency department sample helps inform senior injury prevention and fitness goals. Methods A cross-sectional descriptive study was performed using 2010 to 2019 data from the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission's (CPSC) National Electronic Injury Surveillance System (NEISS). Tennis was selected for comparison purposes because of the similarity of play, occasional competition for the same court space, and because many seniors play both sports. Non-fatal pickleball and tennis-related cases were identified, examined, recoded, and separated by injury versus non-injury conditions. Since over 85% of the pickleball injury-related cases were to players >= 60 years of age, we mostly focused on this older age group. Analyses consisted of descriptive statistics, injury frequency, type and trends over time, and comparative measures of risk. Results Among players >= 60 years of age, non-injuries (i.e., cardiovascular events) accounted for 11.1 and 21.5% of the pickleball and tennis-related cases, respectively. With non-injuries removed for seniors (>= 60 years), the NEISS contained a weighted total of 28,984 pickleball injuries (95% confidence interval [CI] = 19,463-43,163) and 58,836 tennis injuries (95% CI = 44,861-77,164). Pickleball-related injuries grew rapidly over the study period, and by 2018 the annual number of senior pickleball injuries reached parity with senior tennis-related injuries. Pickleball-related Slip/Trip/Fall/Dive injury mechanisms predominated (63.3, 95% CI = 57.7-69.5%). The leading pickleball-related diagnoses were strains/sprains (33.2, 95% CI = 27.8-39.5%), fractures (28.1, 95% CI = 24.3-32.4%) and contusions (10.6, 95% CI = 8.0-14.1%). Senior males were three-and-a-half times more likely than females to suffer a pickleball-related strain or sprain (Odds Ratio [OR] 3.5, 95% CI = 2.2-5.6) whereas women were over three-and-a-half times more likely to suffer a fracture (OR 3.7, 95% CI = 2.3-5.7) compared to men and nine times more likely to suffer a wrist fracture (OR 9.3 95% CI = 3.6-23.9). Patterns of senior tennis and pickleball injuries were mostly similar. Conclusions NEISS is a valuable data source for describing the epidemiology of recreational injuries. However, careful case definitions are necessary when examining records involving older populations as non-injury conditions related to the activity/product codes of interest are frequent. As pickleball gains in popularity among active seniors, it is becoming an increasingly important cause of injury. Identifying and describing the most common types of injuries may can help inform prevention and safety measures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the epidemiology of non-fatal injuries related to pickleball and tennis among older adults, using data from U.S. emergency departments. It does not involve an exergame intervention or a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Welsh, A., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Perspectives of informal caregivers who support people following hip fracture surgery: a qualitative study embedded within the HIP HELPER feasibility trial.
[Journal]  BMJ OPEN 13(11).
[Abstract] ObjectivesThis study aims to illuminate the perspectives of informal caregivers who support people following hip fracture surgery.DesignA qualitative study embedded within a now completed multicentre, feasibility randomised controlled trial (HIP HELPER).SettingFive English National Health Service hospitals.ParticipantsWe interviewed 20 participants (10 informal caregivers and 10 people with hip fracture), following hip fracture surgery. This included one male and nine females who experienced a hip fracture; and seven male and three female informal caregivers. The median age was 72.5 years (range: 65-96 years), 71.0 years (range: 43-81 years) for people with hip fracture and informal caregivers, respectively.MethodsSemistructured, virtual interviews were undertaken between November 2021 and March 2022, with caregiver dyads (person with hip fracture and their informal caregiver). Data were analysed thematically.FindingsWe identified two main themes: expectations of the informal caregiver role and reality of being an informal caregiver; and subthemes: expectations of care and services; responsibility and advocacy; profile of people with hip fracture; decision to be a caregiver; transition from hospital to home.ConclusionFindings suggest informal caregivers do not feel empowered to advocate for a person's recovery or navigate the care system, leading to increased and unnecessary stress, anxiety and frustration when supporting the person with hip fracture. We suggest that a tailored information giving on the recovery pathway, which is responsive to the caregiving population (ie, considering the needs of male, younger and more active informal caregivers and people with hip fracture) would smooth the transition from hospital to home.Trial registration numberISRCTN13270387.Cite Now
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the perspectives of informal caregivers who support people following hip fracture surgery, and it does not mention any exergame interventions.

[Author]   Wen, Y., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Influences of manganese content and heat treatment on mechanical properties of precipitation-strengthened steels.
[Journal]  MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING A-STRUCTURAL MATERIALS PROPERTIES MICROSTRUCTURE AND PROCESSING 837.
[Abstract] In order to reduce the cost and improve the ductility of maraging steels without sacrificing strength, the high content of costly Ni element is partially substituted by inexpensive Mn to achieve metastable austenite. Thermodynamic simulation, composition screening and critical experiments are integrated to design ultrastrong dual-phase steels with the compositions of Fe-10Ni-3Al-4Mo-xMn (x = 0-10, wt%) by tailoring austenite fraction and heat treatment. The results show that for ageing following solid solution and quenching (soft ageing for commercial maraging steels, SA), the phase fraction of fcc should be less than that of bcc to achieve B2 precipitation in the bcc matrix. For the 9Mn alloy with a volume fraction of fcc more than 50%, ageing following cold rolling (hard ageing, HA) recovers the B2 precipitation that is hindered by fcc reversion during SA, resulting in an ultrahigh ultimate strength (similar to 1600 MPa) with an improved tensile ductility (similar to 7%) compared with the SA alloys (similar to 1450 MPa and similar to 5% at best). The improved strength-ductility synergy at ultrahigh strength is attributed to transformation-induced plasticity (TRIP) and ultrafine grain size, both of which turn the fracture mode from transgranular cleavages to ductile dimples. This work demonstrates a promising strategy by addition of austenite-stabilized element and ageing without solid solution for achieving low cost and high strength-ductility synergy, which paves the way for the development of precipitation-strengthened dual-phase steels.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the influences of manganese content and heat treatment on the mechanical properties of precipitation-strengthened steels. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Westarp, E., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Virtual reality for patient informed consent in skull base tumors and intracranial vascular pathologies: A pilot study.
[Journal]  ACTA NEUROCHIRURGICA 166(1).
[Abstract] Purpose With the growing demand for shared decision-making and patient-centered care, optimal informed consent (IC) has gained relevance. Virtual reality (VR) has seen significant technological advancements, and its medical applications currently include surgical planning and medical education. This pilot study investigates the feasibility of VR-enhanced informed consent (VR-IC) in neurosurgery to improve preoperative IC and patient satisfaction.MethodsWe included patients aged 18 to 75 years who were scheduled for skull base meningioma or brain aneurysm surgery between May and December 2023. Exclusion criteria were visual/auditory impairments and severe cognitive/psychiatric disorders. Patients received standard IC followed by VR-IC using patient-specific VR models of their pathology. After an initial demonstration by the surgeon, the patients used the VR station independently. A questionnaire with 18 questions on a 5-point Likert scale assessed the subjective impression of VR-IC.ResultsTen patients participated in the study, with six (60%) undergoing aneurysm clipping and four (40%) undergoing skull base meningioma resection. The mean age of the participants was 58 years (+/- 15, range 27 to 75 years), with four female patients (40%). Patients overall rated the VR-informed consent (VR-IC) positively with a mean of 4.22 (+/- 0.84). There was a better understanding of their pathology (mean 4.30 +/- 0.92) and the planned procedure (mean 3.95 +/- 1.04). Trust in the surgeon was rated with a mean of 3.47 (+/- 0.94). Only minimal side effects from the VR experience including dizziness or discomfort were noted (mean 4.60 +/- 0.22). None of the participants dropped out of the study.ConclusionVR-enhanced informed consent is feasible and improves patient understanding and satisfaction without significant side effects. These findings will guide the planning of a randomized controlled trial to validate the benefits of VR-IC in neurosurgery further.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using virtual reality (VR) to enhance informed consent for patients undergoing neurosurgery, specifically for skull base tumors and intracranial vascular pathologies. The intervention does not target the prevention of falls in the elderly, and the study population includes a broader age range (18 to 75 years). Additionally, the focus is on the feasibility and patient satisfaction with VR-enhanced informed consent, rather than on an exergame intervention to prevent falls. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Westermann, I., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Work-hardening and ductility of artificially aged AA6060 aluminium alloy.
[Journal]  MECHANICS OF MATERIALS 97: 100-117.
[Abstract] The work-hardening and ductility of an artificially aged AA6060 aluminium alloy were studied based on tensile tests of smooth and notched cylindrical samples. The alloy was tested after three processing steps, each followed by artificial aging. These processing steps were casting and homogenization, extrusion, and cold rolling and heat treatment to obtain a recrystallized grain structure. Subsequent to each of these processing steps, the material was tested after artificial aging to underaged, peak aged and overaged conditions. The true stress-strain curve to failure was determined by use of a laser-based measurement system. The Bridgman correction was applied to estimate the equivalent stress-strain curves, and the work-hardening behaviour was analysed using an extended Voce approach. Fractography was applied to study the failure mechanisms for material exposed to the different processing steps and temper treatments. To evaluate the use of the Bridgman correction and to study the notch strengthening effect observed experimentally, finite element simulations were performed using the Gurson model. The experimental study demonstrates the effects of thermomechanical processing and artificial aging on the stress-strain behaviour and the tensile failure strain of the alloy. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the work-hardening and ductility of an artificially aged AA6060 aluminium alloy, which is unrelated to the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on material science and does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or conducting randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Wherry, S. J., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Feasibility of a Home-Based Balance Intervention in Middle-Aged Women Using Wii Fit Plus®.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF PHYSICAL ACTIVITY & HEALTH 16(9): 736-744.
[Abstract] Background: This study evaluated the feasibility and effectiveness of a home-based exercise intervention using the Wii Fit Plus (R). Methods: A randomized, controlled trial of 24 women (age 53.6 [5.4] y) was used to assess compliance and changes in balance over 12 weeks. Balance was measured via the Berg Balance Scale and Frailty and Injuries: Cooperative Studies of Intervention Techniques-4 Scale at baseline and week 6 and week 12. Participant compliance to the intervention was captured via paper logs and the electronic record collected by the Wii Fit Plus (R). Results: Participants in the intervention group were 95% compliant based on electronic records. There were no significant differences between groups for total score on either balance scale. There was a significant group x time interaction in favor of the intervention for maximum velocity y (P <.05), average velocity (P <.05), and was trending for maximum velocity x (P =.05) in the tandem step, eyes closed position. Conclusions: The results suggest that the Wii Fit Plus (R) is appropriate for home-based interventions in middle-aged women. Modest improvements in balance indicate that this may be an effective means to improve or maintain balance in older women. More research is needed to determine compliance and benefits to reducing fall risk in durations exceeding 12 weeks.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. Specifically, the intervention targets middle-aged women (average age 53.6 years) rather than older people, and the focus is on balance improvement rather than fall prevention. Additionally, while the study includes a randomized controlled trial, it is primarily a feasibility study, and the results do not specifically address fall prevention.

[Author]   Wickersham, A., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Educational attainment trajectories among children and adolescents with depression, and the role of sociodemographic characteristics: longitudinal data-linkage study.
[Journal]  BRITISH JOURNAL OF PSYCHIATRY 218(3): 151-157.
[Abstract] BackgroundDepression is associated with lower educational attainment, but there has been little investigation of long-term educational trajectories in large cohorts with diagnosed depression.AimsTo describe the educational attainment trajectories of children with a depression diagnosis in secondary care, and to investigate whether these trajectories vary by sociodemographic characteristics.MethodWe identified new referrals to South London and Maudsley's NHS Foundation Trust between 2007 and 2013 who received a depression diagnosis at under 18 years old. Linking their health records to the National Pupil Database, we standardised their performance on three assessments (typically undertaken at ages 6-7 years (school Year 2), 10-11 (Year 6) and 15-16 (Year 11)) relative to the local reference population in each academic year. We used mixed models for repeated measures to estimate attainment trajectories.ResultsIn our sample of 1492 children, the median age at depression diagnosis was 15 years (interquartile range = 14-16). Their attainment showed a decline between school Years 6 and 11. Attainment was consistently lower among males and those eligible for free school meals. Black ethnic groups also showed lower attainment than White ethnic groups between Years 2 and 6, but showed a less pronounced drop in attainment at Year 11.ConclusionsThose who receive a depression diagnosis during their school career show a drop in attainment in Year 11. Although this pattern was seen among multiple sociodemographic groups, gender, ethnicity and socioeconomic status predict more vulnerable subgroups within this clinical population who might benefit from additional educational support or more intensive treatment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the educational attainment trajectories of children and adolescents with depression, and how these trajectories vary by sociodemographic characteristics. It does not meet any of the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or reporting results from randomized controlled trials related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Widdowson, C., et al. (2016).
[Title]    Virtual Reality applications in assessing the effect of anxiety on sensorimotor integration in human postural control
[Journal]  2016 38TH ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE OF THE IEEE ENGINEERING IN MEDICINE AND BIOLOGY SOCIETY (EMBC): 33-36.
[Abstract] Falls are a leading cause of injury and mortality among adults over the age of 65 years. Given the strong relation between fear of falling and fall risk, identification of the mechanisms that underlie anxiety-related changes in postural control may pave the way to the development of novel therapeutic strategies aimed at reducing fall risk in older adults. First, we review potential mechanisms underlying anxiety-mediated changes in postural control in older adults with and without neurological conditions. We then present a system that allows for the simultaneous recording of neural, physiological, and behavioral data in an immersive virtual reality (VR) environment while implementing sensory and mechanical perturbations to evaluate alterations in sensorimotor integration under conditions with high postural threat. We also discuss applications of VR in minimizing falls in older adults and potential future studies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of virtual reality to assess the effect of anxiety on sensorimotor integration in human postural control, particularly in older adults. While it mentions the potential for VR to minimize falls in older adults, the primary focus is not on using exergames as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the abstract does not indicate that the study includes a randomized controlled trial with reported results. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Wijesooriya, P., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    ARWalker: A Virtual Walking Companion Application [arXiv].
[Journal]  ARWalker: A Virtual Walking Companion Application [arXiv].
[Abstract] Extended Reality (XR) technologies, including Augmented Reality (AR), have attracted significant attention over the past few years and have been utilized in several fields, including education, healthcare, and manufacturing. In this paper, we aim to explore the use of AR in the field of biomechanics and human movement through the development of ARWalker, which is an AR application that features virtual walking companions (avatars). Research participants walk in close synchrony with the virtual companions, whose gait exhibits properties found in the gait of young and healthy adults. As a result, research participants can train their gait to the gait of the avatar, thus regaining the healthy properties of their gait and reducing the risk of falls. ARWalker can especially help older adults and individuals with diseases, who exhibit pathological gait thus being more prone to falls. We implement a prototype of ARWalker and evaluate its systems performance while running on a Microsoft Hololens 2 headset.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes the development and evaluation of an Augmented Reality (AR) application, ARWalker, which is designed to help users, including older adults, improve their gait and reduce the risk of falls. However, the abstract does not mention a randomized controlled trial (RCT) or report results from such a study. Instead, it focuses on the implementation and system performance of the prototype. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper does not meet the requirement for including randomized controlled trials with reported results.

[Author]   Wilf, M., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Using virtual reality-based neurocognitive testing and eye tracking to study naturalistic cognitive-motor performance.
[Journal]  NEUROPSYCHOLOGIA 194.
[Abstract] Natural human behavior arises from continuous interactions between the cognitive and motor domains. However, assessments of cognitive abilities are typically conducted using pen and paper tests, i.e., in isolation from "real life" cognitive -motor behavior and in artificial contexts. In the current study, we aimed to assess cognitivemotor task performance in a more naturalistic setting while recording multiple motor and eye tracking signals. Specifically, we aimed to (i) delineate the contribution of cognitive and motor components to overall task performance and (ii) probe for a link between cognitive -motor performance and pupil size. To that end, we used a virtual reality (VR) adaptation of a well -established neurocognitive test for executive functions, the 'Color Trails Test' (CTT). The VR-CTT involves performing 3D reaching movements to follow a trail of numbered targets. To tease apart the cognitive and motor components of task performance, we included two additional conditions: a condition where participants only used their eyes to perform the CTT task (using an eye tracking device), incurring reduced motor demands, and a condition where participants manually tracked visually -cued targets without numbers on them, incurring reduced cognitive demands. Our results from a group of 30 older adults (>65) showed that reducing cognitive demands shortened completion times more extensively than reducing motor demands. Conditions with higher cognitive demands had longer target search time, as well as decreased movement execution velocity and head -hand coordination. We found larger pupil sizes in the more cognitively demanding conditions, and an inverse correlation between pupil size and completion times across individuals in all task conditions. Lastly, we found a possible link between VR-CTT performance measures and clinical signatures of participants (fallers versus non-fallers). In summary, performance and pupil parameters were mainly dependent on task cognitive load, while maintaining systematic interindividual differences. We suggest that this paradigm opens the possibility for more detailed profiling of individual cognitive -motor performance capabilities in older adults and other at -risk populations.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it involves older adults and uses a virtual reality (VR) adaptation of a neurocognitive test, the primary focus is on assessing cognitive-motor task performance and pupil size, rather than using an exergame as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial, and the results are not reported in the context of fall prevention.

[Author]   Wilkes, M., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Cognitive Function in Simulated Paragliding Flight.
[Journal]  AEROSPACE MEDICINE AND HUMAN PERFORMANCE 90(10): 851-859.
[Abstract] INTRODUCTION: Paragliding is an emerging discipline of aviation, with recreational pilots flying distances over 100 km. It remains risky. Accidents typically relate to pilot error rather than equipment failure. We measured cognition and physiological responses during simulated flight, to investigate whether errors might be due to pilot impairment, rather than misjudgment.METHODS: There were 10 male paraglider pilots (aged 19-58 yr) who undertook a simulated flight in an environmental chamber from sea level (0.209 F(I)o(2)) to 1524 m (0.174 F(I)o(2)), 2438 m (0.156 F(I)o(2)), and 3658 m (0.133 F(I)o(2)), over approximately 2 h. They experienced normobaric hypoxia, environmental cooling and headwind, completing logical reasoning, mannikin, mathematical processing, Stroop Color-Word and Tower Puzzle tasks; as well as measures of risk-taking (BART), mood (POMS), and subjective experience.RESULTS: Results were compared to ten controls, matched by age, sex, and flying experience. Physiological measures were oxygen consumption, carbon dioxide production, ventilation, heart rate, oxygen saturation, rectal and skin temperatures, blood glucose, blood lactate, and urine production. There were no significant differences between pilots and controls at any altitude. Results were heterogenous within and between individuals. As altitude increased, oxygen consumption and minute volume increased significantly, while oxygen saturations fell (98.3% [baseline] to 88.5% [peak]). Rectal temperatures fell by a statistically (but not clinically) significant amount (37.6 degrees C to 37.3 degrees C), while finger skin temperatures dropped steeply (32.2 degrees C to 13.9 degrees C).DISCUSSION: Results suggest cognitive impairment is unlikely to be a primary cause of pilot error during paragliding flights (of less than 2 h, below 3658 m), though hand protection requires improvement.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on cognitive function and physiological responses during simulated paragliding flight, and it does not meet the criteria for the intervention targeting older people, using exergames, or being a randomized controlled trial focused on fall prevention.

[Author]   Willaert, J., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Does a novel exergame challenge balance and activate muscles more than existing off-the-shelf exergames?
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 17(1).
[Abstract] Background Novel balance-targeting exergames controlled with off-the-shelf hardware, were developed based on current recommendations for balance training in healthy older adults and documented shortcomings of existing games. The aim of this study was to explore the feasibility of these novel exergames as training tool for elderly and, more specifically whether these games can elicit more challenging weight shifts and higher levels of muscle activity compared to existing off-the-shelf exergames. Furthermore, the motivational pull in these new games was studied. Methods Sixteen healthy older adults were recruited to play the novel games and two reference games that were found to be the most challenging ones in terms of weight shifts or muscle activity in previous studies. Weight shifts were expressed relative to participants' Functional Limits of Stability (FLOS). Muscular challenge of the games was quantified by dividing the signal into 200 ms blocks and determining the average muscle activity within these blocks. The muscle activity was normalized to maximal voluntary contractions (MVC) to categorize the blocks in zones of < 40, 40-60, 60-80 and > 80% MVC. Subsequently, the number of blocks per intensity level and the number of consecutive blocks above 40% were determined. Motivation to play the games was assessed using the Intrinsic Motivation Inventory (IMI) and scores between the games were analyzed using Generalized Estimated Equations (GEE). Results The novel exergames successfully elicited center of mass (COM) displacements with medians of around 80% of FLOS or higher for all directions. Furthermore, the COM displacements in the novel games were larger for each direction than in the reference games, although for one game the sideward left direction reached significance only at the third trial. Compared to the existing games, longer blocks of muscle activation above 40% MVC were found, but overall intensity remained low. IMI scores were high on all subscales, indicating that older adults experienced the games as motivating. Conclusion We conclude that affordable hardware can be used to create challenging and enjoyable balance training programs using exergames. The exergames that were successful in eliciting challenging weight shifts and muscle activity should now be further studied in longitudinal randomized controlled interventions, to assess effects on balance, muscle strength and eventually fall risk in healthy older adults.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper explores the feasibility of novel exergames as a training tool for elderly individuals, comparing them to existing off-the-shelf exergames. It focuses on whether these games can elicit more challenging weight shifts and higher levels of muscle activity. However, the study does not include a randomized controlled trial (RCT) with reported results. The conclusion suggests that further longitudinal RCTs are needed to assess the effects on balance, muscle strength, and fall risk. Therefore, based on the criteria provided, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Wiloth, S., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Validation of a Computerized, Game-based Assessment Strategy to Measure Training Effects on Motor-Cognitive Functions in People With Dementia.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 4(2).
[Abstract] Background: Exergames often used for training purpose can also be applied to create assessments based on quantitative data derived from the game. A number of studies relate to these use functionalities developing specific assessment tasks by using the game software and provided good data on psychometric properties. However, (1) assessments often include tasks other than the original game task used for training and therefore relate to similar but not to identical or integrated performances trained, (2) people with diagnosed dementia have insufficiently been addressed in validation studies, and (3) studies did commonly not present validation data such as sensitivity to change, although this is a paramount objective for validation to evaluate responsiveness in intervention studies.Objective: Specific assessment parameters have been developed using quantitative data directly derived from the data stream during the game task of a training device (Physiomat). The aim of this study was to present data on construct validity, test-retest reliability, sensitivity to change, and feasibility of this internal assessment approach, which allows the quantification of Physiomat training effects on motor-cognitive functions in 105 multimorbid patients with mild-to-moderate dementia (mean age 82.7 +/- 5.9).Methods: Physiomat assessment includes various tasks at different complexity levels demanding balance and cognitive abilities. For construct validity, motor-cognitive Physiomat assessment tasks were compared with established motor and cognitive tests using Spearman's rank correlations (r(s)). For test-retest reliability, we used intra-class correlations (ICC3,1) and focused on all Physiomat tasks. Sensitivity to change of trained Physiomat tasks was tested using Wilcoxon statistic and standardized response means (SRMs). Completion rate and time were calculated for feasibility.Results: Analyses have mostly shown moderate-to-high correlations between established motor as well as cognitive tests and simple (r(s)=-.22 to.68, P <=.001-.03), moderate (r(s)=-.33 to .71, P <=.001-.004), and complex motor-cognitive Physiomat tasks (r(s)Z=-.22 to .83, P <=.001-.30) indicating a good construct validity. Moderate-to-high correlations between test and retest assessments were found for simple, moderate, and complex motor-cognitive tasks (ICC=.47-.83, P <=.001) indicating good test-retest reliability. Sensitivity to change was good to excellent for Physiomat assessment as it reproduced significant improvements (P <=.001) with mostly moderate-to-large effect sizes (SRM=0.5-2.0) regarding all trained tasks. Completion time averaged 25.8 minutes. Completion rate was high for initial Physiomat measures. No adverse events occurred during assessment.Conclusions: Overall, Physiomat proved to have good psychometric qualities in people with mild-to-moderate dementia representing a reliable, valid, responsive, and feasible assessment strategy for multimorbid older adults with or without cognitive impairment, which relates to identical and integrated performances trained by using the game.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not specifically about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve an exergame (the Physiomat) and targets older people with dementia, the primary focus is on validating the assessment strategy for measuring training effects on motor-cognitive functions, rather than on preventing falls. Additionally, the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at fall prevention.

[Author]   Wilson, O., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Investigating the Effects of Virtual Reality-Based Training on Balance Ability and Balance Confidence in Older Individuals.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 14(11).
[Abstract] Each year, over 25% of adults aged sixty-five years old or older suffer a fall, and three million are treated for fall-related injuries due to lack of balance. Here, we aimed to investigate how virtual reality (VR)-based training affects balance performance and confidence in older adults. To accomplish this goal, we studied 21 healthy, older individuals between 60 and 85 years old, both pre- and post-training (6 weeks of training, twice per week (or 12 sessions)). The VR group donned an Oculus VR headset and consisted of nine participants (aged 75.9 +/- 3.7 years old), while the control group (aged 75.1 +/- 6.7 years old) performed training without a headset and consisted of eight participants that completed our study. To assess balance ability, we utilized the Balance Error Scoring System (BESS) and the Timed Up and Go (TUG) test. To assess balance confidence, we implemented the Activities-Specific Balance Confidence (ABC) Scale and, to assess fear of falling, the Tinetti Falls Efficacy Scale (FES). Further, we assessed depression (via the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS)) and cognitive ability (via the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE)). The post-training results showed improvements in balance ability for both the VR and control groups, as well as changes in the relationship between balance confidence and balance ability for the VR group only. Further, improvements in cognitive ability were seen in the control group. This study is an indication that older individuals' balance ability may benefit from several weeks of targeted training.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a study that investigates the effects of virtual reality (VR)-based training on balance ability and confidence in older individuals. However, it does not meet all the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as specified:. 1. Intervention Targets: The study includes older people, which meets this criterion.
2. Intervention Type: The intervention is VR-based training, which can be considered an exergame.
3. Randomized Controlled Trial (RCT): The study does include a control group and reports results, but it is not explicitly stated that the study is a randomized controlled trial. The sample size is small, and the methods do not clearly indicate randomization.
4. Original Data: The study presents original data, which is appropriate.. Since the study does not clearly state that it is a randomized controlled trial, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Wong, P.-L., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Effects of motor and cognitive complex training on obstacle walking and brain activity in people with Parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF PHYSICAL AND REHABILITATION MEDICINE 60(4): 611-620.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: The difficulties in obstacle walking are significant in people with Parkinson's disease (PD) leading to an increased fall risk. Effective interventions to improve obstacle walking with possible training -related neuroplasticity changes are needed. We developed two different exercise programs, complex walking training and motor -cognitive training, both challenging motor and cognitive function for people with PD to improve obstacle walking. AIM: To investigate the effects of these two novel training programs on obstacle walking and brain activities in PD. DESIGN: A single -center randomized, single-blind controlled study. SETTING: University laboratory; outpatient. POPULATION: Individuals with idiopathic PD. METHODS: Thirty-two participants were randomly assigned to the complex walking training group (N.=11), motor -cognitive training group (N.=11) or control group (N.=10). Participants in training groups received exercises for 40 minutes/session, with a total of 12 -session over 6 weeks. Control group did not receive additional training. Primary outcomes included obstacle walking, and brain activities (prefrontal cortex (PFC), premotor cortex (PMC), and supplementary motor area (SMA)) during obstacle walking by using functional near -infrared spectroscopy. Secondary outcomes included obstacle crossing, timed up and go test (TUG), cognitive function in different domains, and fall efficacy scale (FES-I). RESULTS: The motor -cognitive training group demonstrated greater improvements in obstacle walking speed and stride length, SMA activity, obstacle crossing velocity and stride length, digit span test, and TUG than the control group. The complex walking training did not show significant improvement in obstacle walking or change in brain activation compared with control group. However, the complex walking training resulted in greater improvements in Rey-Osterrieth Complex Figure test, TUG and FES-I compared with the control group. CONCLUSIONS: Our 12 -session of the cognitive -motor training improved obstacle walking performance with increased SMA activities in people with PD. However, the complex walking training did not lead such beneficial effects as the cognitive -motor training. CLINICAL REHABILITATION IMPACT: The cognitive -motor training is suggested as an effective rehabilitation program to improve obstacle walking ability in individuals with PD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of motor and cognitive complex training to improve obstacle walking and brain activity in people with Parkinson's disease. While it does involve a randomized controlled trial and includes an intervention that challenges both motor and cognitive functions, the primary focus is on individuals with Parkinson's disease, not specifically on older people. Additionally, the intervention is described as "motor-cognitive training" and "complex walking training," which do not explicitly mention exergames or virtual reality. Therefore, based on the given criteria, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Woo, B.-H. (2017). 
[Title]    Analysis of Stability on Single-leg Standing by Wearing a Head Mounted Display.
[Journal]  Korean Journal of Sport Biomechanics 27(2): 149-155.
[Abstract] Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of three visual conditions (eyes opened, eyes closed, and wearing of a head mounted display [HMD]) on single-leg standing through kinematics and kinetic analysis.Method: Twelve college students (age: 24.5±2.6 years, height: 175.0±6.4 cm, weight: 69.2±5.1 kg) participated in this study. The study method adopted three-dimensional analysis with six cameras and ground reaction force measurement with one force plate. The analysis variables were coefficient of variation (CV) of the center of body mass, head movement, ground reaction force, and center of pressure, which were analyzed using one-way analysis of variance with repeated measures according to visual conditions.Results: In most cases, the results of this study showed that the CV was significantly higher in the order of HMD wearing, eyes closed, and eyes opened conditions.Conclusion: Our results indicated that body sway was the largest in the HMD wearing condition, and the risk of falling was high owing to the low stability.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of visual conditions, including wearing a head-mounted display (HMD), on single-leg standing stability in college students, not in older people. Additionally, the study is not an intervention using exergames, and it does not report results from a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Workie, D. M. and W. Tasew (2023). 
[Title]    Adoption and intensity use of malt barley technology package by smallholder farmers in Ethiopia: A double hurdle model approach.
[Journal]  HELIYON 9(8).
[Abstract] Ethiopia has an enormous production potential for malted barley due to its ideal agroecology, notably in the central and Bale highlands. However, local production cannot meet the demand for both new and old malt and brewing plants. Millions of dollars have been invested to import malt at the national level. The objective of this study was to investigate the factors that influence smallholder farmers' adoption and level of use of the malt barley technology package. A multistage sampling procedure was employed to choose representative kebeles and households. The study relied on actual data collected from 201 randomly selected barley-producing households. Descriptive statistics and Double Hurdle economic models were used to analyze the data. The descriptive findings show that malt barley varieties and the malt barley technology package were adopted at rates of 0.3 and 0.9, respectively. The Double Hurdle model results reveal that factors such as the household head's age, the total area under cultivation, the availability of information on malt barley production, distance from the main road, participation in the field day program, and membership in the agricultural cooperative all had an effect on smallholder farmers' decisions to adopt and use the malt barley technology package. The recommendation made by this research was to boost farmers' knowledge of malt barley production through training and field trip programs. Organizing smallholder farmers in nearby agricultural cooperatives, as well as ensuring access to roads and public transit for easy access to agricultural inputs and output markets.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the adoption and use of malt barley technology by smallholder farmers in Ethiopia. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are farmers, the intervention is related to agricultural technology, and the study design is a double hurdle model approach, which is not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Wu, Q., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Machine Learning Approaches for Fracture Risk Assessment: A Comparative Analysis of Genomic and Phenotypic Data in 5130 Older Men.
[Journal]  CALCIFIED TISSUE INTERNATIONAL 107(4): 353-361.
[Abstract] The study aims were to develop fracture prediction models by using machine learning approaches and genomic data, as well as to identify the best modeling approach for fracture prediction. The genomic data of Osteoporotic Fractures in Men, cohort Study (n = 5130), were analyzed. After a comprehensive genotype imputation, genetic risk score (GRS) was calculated from 1103 associated Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms for each participant. Data were normalized and split into a training set (80%) and a validation set (20%) for analysis. Random forest, gradient boosting, neural network, and logistic regression were used to develop prediction models for major osteoporotic fractures separately, with GRS, bone density, and other risk factors as predictors. In model training, the synthetic minority oversampling technique was used to account for low fracture rate, and tenfold cross-validation was employed for hyperparameters optimization. In the testing, the area under curve (AUC) and accuracy were used to assess the model performance. The McNemar test was employed to examine the accuracy difference between models. The results showed that the prediction performance of gradient boosting was the best, with AUC of 0.71 and an accuracy of 0.88, and the GRS ranked as the 7th most important variable in the model. The performance of random forest and neural network were also significantly better than that of logistic regression. This study suggested that improving fracture prediction in older men can be achieved by incorporating genetic profiling and by utilizing the gradient boosting approach. This result should not be extrapolated to women or young individuals.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on developing machine learning models for fracture risk assessment in older men using genomic and phenotypic data. It does not involve the use of exergames or any form of exercise intervention to prevent falls. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Wu, Q., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Machine learning approaches for the prediction of bone mineral density by using genomic and phenotypic data of 5130 older men.
[Journal]  SCIENTIFIC REPORTS 11(1).
[Abstract] The study aimed to utilize machine learning (ML) approaches and genomic data to develop a prediction model for bone mineral density (BMD) and identify the best modeling approach for BMD prediction. The genomic and phenotypic data of Osteoporotic Fractures in Men Study (n=5130) was analyzed. Genetic risk score (GRS) was calculated from 1103 associated SNPs for each participant after a comprehensive genotype imputation. Data were normalized and divided into a training set (80%) and a validation set (20%) for analysis. Random forest, gradient boosting, neural network, and linear regression were used to develop BMD prediction models separately. Ten-fold cross-validation was used for hyper-parameters optimization. Mean square error and mean absolute error were used to assess model performance. When using GRS and phenotypic covariates as the predictors, all ML models' performance and linear regression in BMD prediction were similar. However, when replacing GRS with the 1103 individual SNPs in the model, ML models performed significantly better than linear regression (with lasso regularization), and the gradient boosting model performed the best. Our study suggested that ML models, especially gradient boosting, can improve BMD prediction in genomic data.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using machine learning approaches to predict bone mineral density in older men using genomic and phenotypic data. It does not mention exergames or any intervention aimed at preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Wu, W., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Artificial intelligence-based intelligent elderly care system.
[Journal]  Proceedings of SPIE: 129230J (129237 pp.)-129230J (129237 pp.).
[Abstract] This paper proposes and designs an all-round, multi-dimensional artificial intelligence-based smart elderly care system around the problem of accompanying the elderly at home. Its main goal is to realize real-time monitoring of the life of the elderly and the capture of emotional fluctuations. When the system detects abnormal conditions such as the fall of the elderly, it will immediately send out an alarm and notify the relevant guardians. By integrating voice interaction technology, the system can recognize and understand the tone and emotions of the elderly, analyze the psychological state of the elderly and provide timely communication and comfort to help the elderly adjust their emotions and improve their quality of life. The system has set up a memo function to provide reminders for daily life, such as drinking water and exercising, so as to maintain the healthy living habits and physical condition of the elderly. The life of the elderly is relatively simple, and it is difficult to spend a lot of free time. The system has designed a VR experience hall, which has a variety of entertainment experiences such as virtual tourism, interactive games, virtual shopping , and virtual chatting . The system also uses big data visualization technology to collect and analyze the health indicators, living conditions and mental outlook of the elderly in real time, and display them in the form of trend graphs, so that the physical and mental conditions of the elderly can be fully grasped. The goal of this system is to change the traditional concept of "care for the aged" and promote the new concept of "enjoy the old".
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes an artificial intelligence-based system designed to monitor and support the elderly in various aspects, including real-time monitoring, emotional support, and reminders for daily activities. While it mentions a VR experience hall with interactive games, the primary focus is on a comprehensive care system rather than specifically using exergames to prevent falls. Additionally, the abstract does not mention any randomized controlled trials or results related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Wu, X. and S. Park (2023). 
[Title]    A Prediction Model for Osteoporosis Risk Using a Machine-Learning Approach and Its Validation in a Large Cohort.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF KOREAN MEDICAL SCIENCE 38(21).
[Abstract] Background: Osteoporosis develops in the elderly due to decreased bone mineral density (BMD), potentially increasing bone fracture risk. However, the BMD is not regularly measured in a clinical setting. This study aimed to develop a good prediction model for the osteoporosis risk using a machine learning (ML) approach in adults over 40 years in the Ansan/Anseong cohort and the association of predicted osteoporosis risk with a fracture in the Health Examinees (HEXA) cohort.Methods: The 109 demographic, anthropometric, biochemical, genetic, nutrient, and lifestyle variables of 8,842 participants were manually selected in an Ansan/Anseong cohort and included in the ML algorithm. The polygenic risk score (PRS) of osteoporosis was generated with a genome-wide association study and added for the genetic impact of osteoporosis. Osteoporosis was defined with < -2.5 T scores of the tibia or radius compared to people in their 20s-30s. They were divided randomly into the training (n = 7,074) and test (n = 1,768) sets-Pearson's correlation between the predicted osteoporosis risk and fracture in the HEXA cohort.Results: XGBoost, deep neural network, and random forest generated the prediction model with a high area under the curve (AUC, 0.86) of the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) with 10, 15, and 20 features; the prediction model by XGBoost had the highest AUC of ROC, high accuracy and k-fold values (> 0.85) in 15 features among seven ML approaches. The model included the genetic factor, genders, number of children and breastfed children, age, residence area, education, seasons to measure, height, smoking status, hormone replacement therapy, serum albumin, hip circumferences, vitamin B6 intake, and body weight. The prediction models for women alone were similar to those for both genders, with lower accuracy. When the prediction model was applied to the HEXA study, the correlation between the fracture incidence and predicted osteoporosis risk was significant but weak (r = 0.173, P < 0.001). Conclusion: The prediction model for osteoporosis risk generated by XGBoost can be applied to estimate osteoporosis risk. The biomarkers can be considered for enhancing the prevention, detection, and early therapy of osteoporosis risk in Asians.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a prediction model for osteoporosis risk using a machine-learning approach and validating it in a large cohort. It does not involve the use of exergames as an intervention to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on using demographic, anthropometric, biochemical, genetic, nutrient, and lifestyle variables to predict osteoporosis risk. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Wu, X., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Development of Machine Learning Models for Predicting Osteoporosis in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus-A Preliminary Study.
[Journal]  DIABETES METABOLIC SYNDROME AND OBESITY 16: 1987-2003.
[Abstract] Purpose: Diagnosing osteoporosis in T2DM based on bone mineral density (BMD) remains challenging. We sought to develop prediction models employing machine learning algorithms for use as screening instruments for osteoporosis in T2DM patients.Patients and Methods: Data were collected from 433 participants and analyzed using nine categorical machine learning algorithms to select features based on demographic and clinical variables. Multiple classification models were compared using the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC-AUC), accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, the average precision (AP), precision, F1 score, precision-recall curves, calibration plots, and decision curve analysis (DCA) to determine the best model. In addition, 5-fold cross -validation was utilized to optimize the model, followed by an evaluation of feature significance using Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP). Using latent class analysis (LCA), distinct subpopulations were identified by constructing several discrete clusters.Results: In this study, nine feature variables were identified to construct predictive models for osteoporosis in individuals with T2DM. The machine learning algorithms achieved an AP range of 0.444-1.000. The XGBoost model was selected as the final prediction model with an AUROC of 0.940 in the training set, 0.772 in the validation set for 5-fold cross-validation, and 0.872 in the test set. Using SHAP methodology, 25(OH)D was identified as the most important risk factor. Additionally, a 3-Class model was constructed using LCA, which categorized individuals into high, medium, and low-risk groups.Conclusion: Our study developed a predictive model with high accuracy and clinical validity for predicting osteoporosis in type 2 diabetes patients. We also identified three subpopulations with varying osteoporosis risk using clustering. However, limited sample size warrants cautious interpretation of results, and validation in larger cohorts is needed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing machine learning models to predict osteoporosis in patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and does not report on a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Wu, Y., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Age-related differences in effects of non-driving related tasks on takeover performance in automated driving.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SAFETY RESEARCH 72: 231-238.
[Abstract] Introduction: During SAE level 3 automated driving, the driver's role changes from active driver to fallback-ready driver. Drowsiness is one of the factors that may degrade driver's takeover performance. This study aimed to investigate effects of non-driving related tasks (NDRTs) to counter driver's drowsiness with a Level 3 system activated and to improve successive takeover performance in a critical situation. A special focus was placed on age-related differences in the effects. Method: Participants of three age groups (younger, middle-aged, older) drove the Level 3 system implemented in a high-fidelity motion-based driving simulator for about 30 min under three experiment conditions: without NDRT, while watching a video clip, and while switching between watching a video clip and playing a game. The Karolinska Sleepiness Scale and eyeblink duration measured driver drowsiness. At the end of the drive, the drivers had to take over control of the vehicle and manually change the lane to avoid a collision. Reaction time and steering angle variability were measured to evaluate the two aspects of driving performance. Results: For younger drivers, both single and multiple NDRT engagements countered the development of driver drowsiness during automated driving, and their takeover performance was equivalent to or better than their performance without NDRT engagement. For older drivers, NDRT engagement did not affect the development of drowsiness but degraded takeover performance especially under the multiple NDRT engagement condition. The results for middle-aged drivers fell at an intermediate level between those for younger and older drivers. Practical Applications: The present findings do not support general recommendations of NDRT engagement to counter drowsiness during automated driving. This study is especially relevant to the automotive industry's search for options that will ensure the safest interfaces between human drivers and automation systems. (C) 2020 National Safety Council and Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the effects of non-driving related tasks (NDRTs) on takeover performance in automated driving, particularly examining age-related differences. While it includes older participants, the intervention (watching a video clip and playing a game) is not an exergame, and the study does not aim to prevent falls. Additionally, the context is related to driving performance, not fall prevention.

[Author]   Wu, Z., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Temperature dependence of the mechanical properties of equiatomic solid solution alloys with face-centered cubic crystal structures.
[Journal]  ACTA MATERIALIA 81: 428-441.
[Abstract] Compared to decades-old theories of strengthening in dilute solid solutions, the mechanical behavior of concentrated solid solutions is relatively poorly understood. A special subset of these materials includes alloys in which the constituent elements are present in equal atomic proportions, including the high-entropy alloys of recent interest. A unique characteristic of equiatomic alloys is the absence of "solvent" and "solute" atoms, resulting in a breakdown of the textbook picture of dislocations moving through a solvent lattice and encountering discrete solute obstacles. To clarify the mechanical behavior of this interesting new class of materials, we investigate here a family of equiatomic binary, ternary and quaternary alloys based on the elements Fe, Ni, Co, Cr and Mn that were previously shown to be single-phase face-centered cubic (fcc) solid solutions. The alloys were arc-melted, drop-cast, homogenized, cold-rolled and recrystallized to produce equiaxed microstructures with comparable grain sizes. Tensile tests were performed at an engineering strain rate of 10(-3) s(-1) at temperatures in the range 77-673 K. Unalloyed fcc Ni was processed similarly and tested for comparison. The flow stresses depend to varying degrees on temperature, with some (e.g. NiCoCr, NiCoCrMn and FeNiCoCr) exhibiting yield and ultimate strengths that increase strongly with decreasing temperature, while others (e.g. NiCo and Ni) exhibit very weak temperature dependencies. To better understand this behavior, the temperature dependencies of the yield strength and strain hardening were analyzed separately. Lattice friction appears to be the predominant component of the temperature-dependent yield stress, possibly because the Peierls barrier height decreases with increasing temperature due to a thermally induced increase of dislocation width. In the early stages of plastic flow (5-13% strain, depending on material), the temperature dependence of strain hardening is due mainly to the temperature dependence of the shear modulus. In all the equiatomic alloys, ductility and strength increase with decreasing temperature down to 77 K. (C) 2014 Acta Materialia Inc. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the mechanical properties of equiatomic solid solution alloys and does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, methods, and study design are completely unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Xia, T., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    [Anatomic and clinical study of virtual reality technology assisted modified transtrochanteric curved varus osteotomy for osteonecrosis of the femoral head].
[Journal]  Zhongguo xiu fu chong jian wai ke za zhi = Zhongguo xiufu chongjian waike zazhi = Chinese journal of reparative and reconstructive surgery 35(12): 1580-1586.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE: To explore the feasibility and effectiveness of the modified transtrochanteric curved varus osteotomy in the treatment of osteonecrosis of the femoral head (ONFH), clarify the key points of the operation, and then explore the effectiveness of modified transtrochanteric curved varus osteotomy in the treatment of ONFH assisted by virtual reality (VR) technology.METHODS: A 70-year-old adult female cadaver without formaldehyde fixation was taken. It was confirmed by anatomical study and simulated operation that the modified transtrochanteric curved varus osteotomy was suitable for type C1 (patients with involvement of the lateral column of the femoral head but partial integrity) classified by the Japanese Osteonecrosis Investigation Committee (JIC). Between October 2018 and August 2020, 11 patients (17 hips) with ONFH who met the selection criteria were treated with modified transtrochanteric curved varus osteotomy. VR technology was used to simulate varus osteotomy before operation to predict the angle of valgus of lower limbs and pronation of femoral head. Osteotomy, valgus, and pronation were performed according to the results of preoperative planning. After operation, X-ray films were used to evaluate the changes of varus and neck-shaft angle after VR assisted surgery, and Harris score was used to evaluate the hip function.RESULTS: The anteroposterior pelvic X-ray film was rechecked at 2 days after operation, of which 3 hips were consistent with the planned varus angle of VR preoperative planning, and the error value of varus angle of the remaining 14 hips was 1°-4°. The difference between VR preoperative planning and 2 days after operation was 6°-16°. All 11 patients were followed up 11-28 months, with an average of 19.2 months. All incisions healed by first intension. During the follow-up, 1 case (1 hip) developed greater trochanter fracture at 2 months after operation and was treated with open reduction and plate and screw internal fixation; 1 case (1 hip) had delayed healing at osteotomy at 4 months after operation and healed at 3 months after local injection of platelet rich plasma and oral supplementation of kidney blood-strengthening soup. At last follow-up, 17 hip osteotomies healed. The Harris score was 84.0±5.6, which was significantly higher than that before operation (57.2±5.5) ( t=-14.107, P=0.000); hip function was excellent in 2 hips, good in 13 hips, and fair in 2 hips.CONCLUSION: The modified transtrochanteric curved varus osteotomy for the treatment of ONFH is theoretically feasible, and the short-term effectiveness of this operation combined with VR technology is satisfactory.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using virtual reality (VR) technology to assist in a surgical procedure (modified transtrochanteric curved varus osteotomy) for the treatment of osteonecrosis of the femoral head. It does not discuss the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The VR technology is used for preoperative planning and simulation, not as an exergame intervention.

[Author]   Xiao, Q., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    [Research on the Progress of Applying Virtual Reality Technology in Preventing Falls in the Elderly].
[Journal]  Zhongguo yi liao qi xie za zhi = Chinese journal of medical instrumentation 47(5): 539-544.
[Abstract] The primary cause of injury and death in the elderly has been reflected in fall the elderly, so the application of reasonable and effective prevention strategies has great significance in reducing the risk of fall in the elderly. The research progress of virtual reality technology applied in preventing fall in the elderly at home and abroad over the years was systematically reviewed in this study. The mechanism of the technology in preventing fall in the elderly was mainly elaborated from five aspects of improving balance ability, gait disturbance, cognitive impairment, muscle strength and the fear psychology of falling. The purpose of this thesis is to broaden the research ideas of medical personnel on the prevention of fall of the elderly, provide more effective clinical practice plans, reduce the occurrence of fall, and guarantee the safety of the elderly.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The abstract indicates that the paper is a systematic review of the research progress on applying virtual reality technology to prevent falls in the elderly. It does not report on a randomized controlled trial, and it appears to be a review rather than an original study with new data. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as specified.

[Author]   Xie, H., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Quench Sensitivity of AA7N01 Alloy Used for High-Speed Train Body Structure.
[Journal]  JOM 71(5): 1681-1686.
[Abstract] The quench sensitivity of AA7N01 aluminum alloy used for high-speed train body structure was investigated by end-quenching test, time-temperature-transformation curves simulation, transmission electron microscopy and scanning transmission electron microscopy. The hardness decreased with the increasing distance from the quenched end, and the depth of the age hardening layer was about 50mm. The simulation results showed that the high quench sensitivity temperature was between 230 degrees C and 300 degrees C and the critical cooling rate should be larger than 2 degrees C/s. The decrease of hardness along the increasing distance from the quenched end was attributed to the coarsening of the equilibrium phase and the widening of the precipitate-free zone. The high-angle annular dark field results provided the direct evidence of the induced-precipitation effect of Al3Zr particles during the quenching process.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the quench sensitivity of an aluminum alloy used in high-speed train body structures. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Xu, C., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    An Integrated Musculoskeletal-Finite-Element Model to Evaluate Effects of Load Carriage on the Tibia During Walking.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICAL ENGINEERING-TRANSACTIONS OF THE ASME 138(10).
[Abstract] Prior studies have assessed the effects of load carriage on the tibia. Here, we expand on these studies and investigate the effects of load carriage on joint reaction forces (JRFs) and the resulting spatiotemporal stress/strain distributions in the tibia. Using full-body motion and ground reaction forces from a female subject, we computed joint and muscle forces during walking for four load carriage conditions. We applied these forces as physiological loading conditions in a finite-element (FE) analysis to compute strain and stress. We derived material properties from computed tomography (CT) images of a sex-, age-, and body mass index-matched subject using a mesh morphing and mapping algorithm, and used them within the FE model. Compared to walking with no load, the knee JRFs were the most sensitive to load carriage, increasing by as much as 26.2% when carrying a 30% of body weight (BW) load (ankle: 16.4% and hip: 19.0%). Moreover, our model revealed disproportionate increases in internal JRFs with increases in load carriage, suggesting a coordinated adjustment in the musculature functions in the lower extremity. FE results reflected the complex effects of spatially varying material properties distribution and muscular engagement on tibial biomechanics during walking. We observed high stresses on the anterior crest and the medial surface of the tibia at pushoff, whereas high cumulative stress during one walking cycle was more prominent in the medioposterior aspect of the tibia. Our findings reinforce the need to include: (1) physiologically accurate loading conditions when modeling healthy subjects undergoing short-term exercise training and (2) the duration of stress exposure when evaluating stress-fracture injury risk. As a fundamental step toward understanding the instantaneous effect of external loading, our study presents a means to assess the relationship between load carriage and bone biomechanics.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the biomechanical effects of load carriage on the tibia during walking, using a musculoskeletal-finite-element model. It does not mention any exergame interventions or fall prevention strategies for older people.

[Author]   Xu, P., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Field Aging Characterization of Asphalt Pavement Based on the Artificial Neural Networks and Gray Relational Analysis.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF MATERIALS IN CIVIL ENGINEERING 35(7).
[Abstract] Accurate characterization of field aging of asphalt pavement is critical to precisely assessing its in-service performance. However, most of the traditional test/predictive methods either cannot fully capture the field aging characteristics or involve costly testing/computational efforts to ensure satisfactory prediction accuracy. To alleviate these problems, this study developed a new field aging predictive model based on artificial neural networks (ANNs) and gray relational analysis (GRA), which takes the field-aged viscosity of asphalt binder as the target predictive property. A series of influencing factors that may affect the field-aged viscosity were systematically investigated, among which the eight most significant ones were screened out for the ANN modeling through the GRA. A total of 479 data extracted from long-term pavement performance (LTPP) database were used for the training, validation, and testing of the ANN model. The calculation results showed that the predictive model developed using the ANN approach provided a high prediction accuracy with R-2 value greater than 0.90. Furthermore, the falling-weight deflectometer (FWD) data collected from the database were utilized to evaluate the predictive performance of the well-trained ANN model. Consistent results were obtained between the viscosity values predicted from the ANN model and those back-calculated from the FWD data, indicating that the newly developed field aging model has the capability to accurately characterize the field aging evolution of asphalt pavement.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing a predictive model for characterizing the field aging of asphalt pavement using artificial neural networks and gray relational analysis. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Xu, Y., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    A Narrative Review of Injury Incidence, Location, and Injury Factor of Elite Athletes in Snowsport Events.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN PHYSIOLOGY 11.
[Abstract] Snowsport athletes face a high injury risk both during training and in competitions. Reducing injury incidence is crucial for athletes to achieve breakthroughs. This narrative review aimed to summarize and analyze injury data of elite athletes in snowsports and provide references for injury prevention and health security for these athletes and their coaches. A total of 39 studies that investigated snowsport injury were analyzed in the present study. On the basis of injury data of elite athletes in snowsports events, this narrative review focused on four aspects, namely, injury incidence, severity, location and causes. The findings of this review were as follows. (1) The highest injury incidence was recorded in freestyle skiing, followed by alpine skiing and snowboarding, the majority of which were moderate and severe injuries. (2) The proportion of injury in competitions and during training was similar. However, more injuries occurred in official training during the Winter Olympic Games; by contrast, injury proportion was higher in competitions during World Cup/World Championships. (3) The most commonly and severely injured body parts were the knees (29.9%), head and face (12.1%), shoulders and clavicula (10.5%), and lower back (8.9%). The most common injury types were joint and ligament injury (41.5%), fracture and bone stress (24.4%), concussion (11.1%), and muscle/tendon injury (10.7%). (4) The main causes of snowsport injury were collisions, falls, and non-contact injuries. Snowsport injury was also influenced by the skill level of the athletes, gender, course setup and equipment. Future studies should further explore the influence of event characteristics and intrinsic and extrinsic risk factors on snowsport injury. An injury or trauma reconstruction may be developed to predict athletic injuries and provide effective prevention strategies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a narrative review focusing on injury incidence, location, and factors in elite snowsport athletes. It does not target older people, nor does it involve exergames or any form of virtual reality or video games. Additionally, the paper is a review and does not report results from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Xu, Y., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    The Impact of a Digital Game-Based AI Chatbot on Students' Academic Performance, Higher-Order Thinking, and Behavioral Patterns in an Information Technology Curriculum.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 14(15).
[Abstract] In the age of intelligence, information technology (IT) education has become the focus of attention in the education sector. However, traditional teaching methods fall short in motivating students and fostering higher-order thinking and have difficulty providing a personalized learning experience. Although AI chatbots can provide instant feedback as an innovative teaching tool, it is still challenging to fully enhance learner engagement. Based on this, this study developed a digital game-based AI chatbot system to enhance students' learning experience through digital game-based learning strategies. This study utilized a quasi-experimental design with the experimental group using a digital game-based AI chatbot and the control group using a traditional AI chatbot. A comparison was made between the two groups concerning student learning performance in IT courses, higher-order thinking (including problem-solving, computational thinking, and creativity), learning motivation, and flow experience. In addition, the behavioral patterns of high-achieving and low-achieving students in the experimental group were analyzed. The results showed that the experimental group was significantly better than the control group in academic performance, problem-solving, computational thinking, learning motivation, and flow experience, but there was no significant difference in creativity tendency. Behavioral pattern analysis showed that high-achieving students in the experimental group showed more systematic learning strategies, while low-achieving students relied more on immediate feedback and external help, but both high- and low-achieving groups were able to actively talk to the AI chatbot and actively explore problem-solving strategies in the digital game. Therefore, AI chatbots based on digital games can be effectively used in IT courses to help students construct knowledge and develop higher-order thinking.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the impact of a digital game-based AI chatbot on students' academic performance, higher-order thinking, and behavioral patterns in an information technology curriculum. The intervention targets students, not older people, and the focus is on educational outcomes rather than fall prevention.

[Author]   Yalfani, A., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    The effects of virtual reality training on postural sway and physical function performance on older women with chronic low back pain: A double-blind randomized clinical trial.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BACK AND MUSCULOSKELETAL REHABILITATION 37(3): 761-770.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Chronic low back pain (CLBP) is known as an important debilitating health condition among older women. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the effects of eight-week virtual reality training (VRT) exercises on postural sway and physical function performance (PFP) among older women suffering from CLBP.METHODS: Twenty-seven older women presenting with CLBP were randomized into experimental and control groups. The experimental group was instructed to perform 30-minute VRT exercises three times a week for eight weeks. Plantar pressure variables [sway velocity (SV) and anterior-posterior (AP) and medial-lateral (ML) fluctuations of the center of pressure (CoP)], 30-second chair stand test (30CST), and timed up and go (TUG) test were recorded.RESULTS: The VRT group exhibited significant decreases in SV (p = 0.002), AP (p = 0.008), and ML (p = 0.02) fluctuations. Also, the performance of the VRT group in the 30CST and TUG tests significantly improved after the exercises (P < 0.001).CONCLUSION: According to the results, VRT and the program used in this study should be used to enhance balance and PFP in older women with CLBP who mostly prefer activities that are accessible and feasible in low-risk environments.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of virtual reality training to improve postural sway and physical function performance in older women with chronic low back pain. While the intervention involves an exergame (virtual reality training) and targets older people, the primary objective is not specifically about preventing falls. The outcomes measured are related to balance and physical function, which can indirectly contribute to fall prevention, but the study does not explicitly address or measure fall prevention. Therefore, the paper is not primarily about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yamada, H., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Mandibular reconstruction using custom-made titanium mesh tray and particulate cancellous bone and marrow harvested from bilateral posterior ilia.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF PLASTIC SURGERY AND HAND SURGERY 48(3): 183-190.
[Abstract] The objective of this study is to evaluate usefulness of mandibular reconstructions using a custom-made titanium mesh (Ti-mesh) tray and particulate cancellous bone and marrow (PCBM). A consecutive nine patients who underwent mandibular reconstruction were enrolled in this study. They were five men and four women (mean age: 53.9 years). Virtual reality simulation was performed using computer software based on the pre-operative computed tomography data. A 3-dimensional (3-D) skull model was constructed using a 3-D printer. A tray was custom-made from a Ti-mesh sheet bent to adapt to the model. After PCBM harvesting from bilateral posterior ilia, the tray was fixed to the host bone. New bone formation and configuration of the reconstructed mandible were assessed radiologically. Complications were recorded in each patient during the follow-up period. Patients, satisfaction with post-operative facial contour was evaluated using a visual analogue scale (VAS score, range = 0-100). In six of nine patients, excellent new bone formation was recognised and expected results were radiologically achieved. Complications occurred in four patients. These complications included Ti-mesh fracture, Ti-mesh exposure in the oral cavity, and delayed infection. Mean VAS score on patient satisfaction was 77.6. Although the data are preliminary, the results suggest that this method is clinically useful.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about mandibular reconstruction using a custom-made titanium mesh tray and particulate cancellous bone and marrow. It does not target older people, does not use exergames, and is not focused on preventing falls. The virtual reality mentioned in the abstract is used for surgical planning, not as an intervention for fall prevention.

[Author]   Yamada, H., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Clinical Usefulness of Mandibular Reconstruction Using Custom-Made Titanium Mesh Tray and Autogenous Particulate Cancellous Bone and Marrow Harvested From Tibia and/or Ilia.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF CRANIOFACIAL SURGERY 27(3): 586-592.
[Abstract] The objective of this study was to evaluate usefulness of mandibular reconstructions using custom-made titanium mesh (Ti-mesh) tray and particulate cancellous bone and marrow (PCBM). Consecutive 21 patients who underwent mandibular reconstruction were enrolled in this study. They were 13 men and 8 women (mean age, 52.0 years). Virtual reality simulation was performed using computer software based on the preoperative computed tomography data. A 3-dimensional skull model was constructed using 3-dimensional printer. A tray was custom-made from Ti-mesh sheet bent to adapt to the model. After PCBMharvesting from posterior ilia and/or proximal tibia, the tray was fixed to the host bone. New bone formation and configuration of the reconstructed mandible were assessed radiologically. Complications were recorded in each patient during the follow-up period. Patients' satisfaction with postoperative facial contour was evaluated using visual analog scale (VAS score, range, 0-100). In 16 of 21 patients, excellent newbone formation was recognized and expected results were radiologically achieved. In 5 patients, new bone formation was insufficient. Causes of insufficient bone formation included postoperative infection in 2 patients, Timesh tray fracture in 2 patients, and local recurrence of lower gingival cancer in 1 patient. To prevent a tray fracture, a double-layered Timesh tray was useful. Mean VAS score on patients' satisfaction was 77.1. Our results comprehensively suggest that mandibular reconstruction using custom-made Ti-mesh tray and PCBM is clinically useful.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the clinical usefulness of mandibular reconstruction using custom-made titanium mesh and autogenous particulate cancellous bone and marrow. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Yamagami, M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Effects of virtual reality environments on overground walking in people with Parkinson disease and freezing of gait.
[Journal]  DISABILITY AND REHABILITATION-ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY 18(3): 266-273.
[Abstract] BackgroundFreezing of gait (FoG) is a common target of rehabilitative interventions for people with Parkinson disease (PD). Virtual reality (VR) holds potential for advancing research and clinical management of FoG through flexible creation of FoG-provoking environments that are not easily or safely replicated in the clinic.ObjectiveThe aim of this study was to investigate whether VR environments that replicate FoG-provoking situations would exacerbate gait impairments associated with FoG compared to unobstructed VR and physical laboratory environments.MethodsGait characteristics (pace, rhythm, variability, asymmetry, and postural control domains) and festination were measured using motion capture while people with PD walked in VR environments based on FoG-provoking situations (doorway, hallway, and crowd environments) compared to unobstructed VR and physical laboratory environments. The effect of VR environments was assessed using one-way repeated measures ANOVAs with planned contrasts.ResultsTen participants (mean age 74.1 years, 3 females, Hoehn and Yahr stage 2-3) with PD who self-reported FoG participated. Gait speed and step length were reduced in all VR environments compared to the physical laboratory. Step width was wider, step length was more variable, and festination was more common for some of the VR environments compared to the physical laboratory environment. Compared to the unobstructed virtual laboratory environment, step length was more variable in VR crowd and doorway environments.ConclusionsThe exacerbation of gait impairments that are characteristic precursors of FoG in FoG-provoking VR environments supports the potential utility of VR technology in the assessment and treatment of gait impairments in PD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of virtual reality (VR) environments to study and potentially treat gait impairments, specifically freezing of gait (FoG), in people with Parkinson's disease. While the intervention involves VR, which could be considered a form of exergame, the primary focus is on assessing gait characteristics and FoG, rather than preventing falls in the elderly. The study does not explicitly mention fall prevention as a goal, and the participants are specifically people with Parkinson's disease, not a general elderly population. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yamashita, K., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Successful Endoscopic Surgery for L5 Radiculopathy Caused by Far-Lateral Disc Herniation at L5-S1 and L5 Isthmic Grade 2 Spondylolisthesis in a Professional Baseball Player.
[Journal]  International journal of spine surgery 12(5): 624-628.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: We report the case of a professional baseball player who had severe leg pain due to lumbar lateral disc herniation at L4-5 and isthmic spondylolisthesis at L5 (double crash syndrome). For early recovery to competitive level, we performed minimally invasive endoscopic decompression surgery without fusion. There are few reports to discuss the usefulness of minimally invasive treatment for top athletes.METHODS: A 29-year-old professional baseball player who played catcher was referred to us with a complaint of right leg pain. The previous doctor diagnosed far-lateral disc herniation and Grade 2 isthmic spondylolisthesis and recommended arthrodesis at L5-S1 as treatment for both pathologies. Radiological imaging showed that the right L5 nerve root was impinged by the 2 lumbar disorders, namely, far-lateral disc herniation and a ragged edge around a pars defect. We had taken into account the patient's occupation and his wish to avoid a lengthy sick leave, and we had performed endoscopic decompression surgery during the offseason. The far-lateral disc herniation at L5-S1 was removed under local anesthesia by percutaneous endoscopic discectomy, after which the ragged edge at the pars defect was removed under general anesthesia using a microendoscopic discectomy system. Given that the patient did not have any low back pain, arthrodesis was not considered.RESULTS: The leg pain resolved after surgery. The following year (2015), the patient resumed playing baseball from the beginning of the season and played in 41 games. In the 2016 season, he played in 71 games without any symptoms. No further slippage was observed at radiological follow up 1 year after the surgery.CONCLUSIONS: Minimally invasive endoscopic surgery is an option for radiculopathy in very active patients who need an early return to their previous level of physical activity.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a case study of a professional baseball player who underwent endoscopic surgery for L5 radiculopathy caused by far-lateral disc herniation and spondylolisthesis. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yan, C., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Computer-Based 3D Simulations to Formulate Preoperative Planning of Bridge Crane Technique for Thoracic Ossification of the Ligamentum Flavum.
[Journal]  MEDICAL SCIENCE MONITOR 25: 9666-9678.
[Abstract] Background: The bridge crane technique is a novel surgical technique for the treatment of thoracic ossification of the ligamentum flavum (TOLF), but its preoperative planning has not been studied well, which limits the safety and efficacy of surgery to some extent. The purpose of this study was to investigate the method of application and effect of computer-aided preoperative planning (CAPP) on the bridge crane technique for TOLF.Material/Methods: This retrospective multi-center included 40 patients with TOLF who underwent the bridge crane technique from 2016 to 2018. According to the utilization of CAPP, patients were divided into Group A (with CAPP, n=21) and Group B (without CAPP, n=19). Comparisons of clinical and radiological outcomes were carried out between the 2 groups.Results: The patients in Group A had higher post-mJOA scores and IR of neurological function than those in Group B (p<0.05). Group A had shorter surgery time, fewer fluoroscopic images, and lower incidence of complications than Group B. In Group A, there was a high consistency of all the anatomical parameters between preoperative simulation and postoperative CT (p>0.05). In Group B, there were significant differences in 3 anatomical parameters between postoperative simulation and postoperative CT (p<0.05). In Group B, the patients with no complications had higher post-SVOR and lower SVRR and height of posterior suspension of LOC in postoperative CT than those in postoperative simulation (p<0.05).Conclusions: CAPP can enable surgeons to control the decompression effect accurately and reduce the risk of related complications, which improves the safety and efficacy of surgery.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of computer-based 3D simulations for preoperative planning in a surgical technique for treating thoracic ossification of the ligamentum flavum. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not focused on preventing falls. The study is also a retrospective multi-center study, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yang, C., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    The Effect of Video Game-Based Interventions on Performance and Cognitive Function in Older Adults: Bayesian Network Meta-analysis.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 9(4): e27058-e27058.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: The decline in performance of older people includes balance function, physical function, and fear of falling and depression. General cognitive function decline is described in terms of processing speed, working memory, attention, and executive functioning, and video game interventions may be effective.OBJECTIVE: This study evaluates the effect of video game interventions on performance and cognitive function in older participants in terms of 6 indicators: balance function, executive function, general cognitive function, physical function, processing speed, and fear of falling and depression.METHODS: Electronic databases were searched for studies from inception to June 30, 2020. Randomized controlled trials and case-controlled trials comparing video game interventions versus nonvideo game control in terms of performance and cognitive function outcomes were incorporated into a Bayesian network meta-analysis. All data were continuous variables.RESULTS: In total, 47 studies (3244 participants) were included. In pairwise meta-analysis, compared with nonvideo game control, video game interventions improved processing speed, general cognitive function, and depression scores. In the Bayesian network meta-analysis, interventions with video games improved balance function time (standardized mean difference [SMD] -3.34, 95% credible interval [CrI] -5.54 to -2.56), the cognitive function score (SMD 1.23, 95% CrI 0.82-1.86), processing speed time (SMD -0.29, 95% CrI -0.49 to -0.08), and processing speed number (SMD 0.72, 95% CrI 0.36-1.09), similar to the pairwise meta-analysis. Interventions with video games with strong visual senses and good interactivity ranked first, and these might be more beneficial for the elderly.CONCLUSIONS: Our comprehensive Bayesian network meta-analysis provides evidence that video game interventions could be considered for the elderly for improving performance and cognitive function, especially general cognitive scores and processing speed. Games with better interactivity and visual stimulation have better curative effects. Based on the available evidence, we recommend video game interventions for the elderly.TRIAL REGISTRATION: PROSPERO CRD42020197158; https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/display_record.php?RecordID=197158.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a Bayesian network meta-analysis, which means it synthesizes data from multiple studies. According to the criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yang, F. and Y.-C. Pai (2014). 
[Title]    Adaptive control of center of mass (global) motion and its joint (local) origin in gait.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 47(11): 2797-2800.
[Abstract] Dynamic gait stability can be quantified by the relationship of the motion state (i.e. the position and velocity) between the body center of mass (COM) and its base of support (BOS). Humans learn how to adaptively control stability by regulating the absolute COM motion state (i.e. its position and velocity) and/or by controlling the BOS (through stepping) in a predictable manner, or by doing both simultaneously following an external perturbation that disrupts their regular relationship. Post repeated-slip perturbation training, for instance, older adults learned to forward shift their COM position while walking with a reduced step length, hence reduced their likelihood of slip-induced falls. How and to what extent each individual joint influences such adaptive alterations is mostly unknown. A three-dimensional individualized human kinematic model was established. Based on the human model, sensitivity analysis was used to systematically quantify the influence of each lower limb joint on the COM position relative to the BOS and the step length during gait. It was found that the leading foot had the greatest effect on regulating the COM position relative to the BOS; and both hips bear the most influence on the step length. These findings could guide cost-effective but efficient fall-reduction training paradigm among older population. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does discuss gait stability and fall reduction in older adults, the intervention described involves analyzing the influence of individual joints on the center of mass (COM) and step length, rather than using exergames. Additionally, the study does not mention a randomized controlled trial with exergames as the intervention.

[Author]   Yang, H., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Effect of rolling deformation and passes on microstructure and mechanical properties of 7075 aluminum alloy.
[Journal]  CERAMICS INTERNATIONAL 49(1): 1165-1177.
[Abstract] The research on Al-Zn-Mg-Cu alloys mainly focuses on the effects of solution aging and strain rate on the microstructure and properties of the alloy, as well as the flow stress behavior of the alloy. There are few studies on the effects of hot rolling deformation and reduction pass on the microstructure and properties of aluminum alloy. The dislocation density of alloy is affected by changing the rolling deformation, and post-heat treatment improves fine grains segregation and break coarse second phases. The alloys comprehensive mechanical properties are improved by controlling the recrystallization fraction and size. Different shape variable rolling and different passes, optical microscope (OM), field emission scanning electron microscope (SEM) with energy dispersive spectrometers (EDS), X-ray diffractometer (XRD), microhardness tester, and other methods were used to characterize the samples, and simulation of the rolling process analyzed by Deform-3D software. The effects of hot rolling deformation and deformation pass on microstructure and properties of aluminum alloy were also studied. The results show that dynamic recrystallization was beneficial to grain refinement when deformation increases to 40%. The coarse second phase was broken and refined into chains and partially spheroidized to dissolve in the matrix under large deformation. Dislocation density decreased after solution treatment when deformation was less than 80%, and increased after large deformation was 80%. The equivalent strain obtained by numerical simulations increases with the increase of deformation. The maximum equivalent strain was on both sides of the rolling surface, and this area was the most prone to crack in rolling. When the increase of the shape variable, the recrystallization volume fraction increased, and the grain size decreased.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effects of rolling deformation and passes on the microstructure and mechanical properties of 7075 aluminum alloy. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yang, J., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Exploring Melbourne Metro Train Passengers' Pre-Boarding Behaviors and Perceptions.
[Journal]  SUSTAINABILITY 15(15).
[Abstract] The focus on sustainable transportation has increased interest in promoting sustainable modes of transport, such as rail. Understanding train passengers' behaviors and perceptions is essential to enhance their travel experience and increase train ridership. Pre-boarding behaviors and perceptions are crucial in shaping the overall train travel experience. However, there are limited studies that have developed a systematic framework for investigating train passengers' pre-boarding behaviors and perceptions. This paper examines the train passenger's pre-boarding behaviors and perceptions about the station and platform. The study adopts a mixed-methods approach by developing a pre-boarding decision framework and combining it with questionnaire surveys to explore passengers' behaviors and perceptions on the platform before boarding. A total of 429 valid responses from Melbourne metro train users were used for analysis. Descriptive statistics and correlation techniques were applied to identify patterns and relationships. The findings reveal common pre-boarding behaviors and perceptions. Furthermore, the study uncovers factors influencing these behaviors and perceptions, such as passenger demographics, travel patterns, and specific trip characteristics. For example, carrying large items and travel frequency significantly impact passengers' travel experience in the pre-boarding phase. Waiting time, group travel, carrying small items, gender, and age group also significantly impact some pre-boarding behavior variables. Travel time, on the other hand, makes no significant impact on any of the pre-boarding variables that we examined. This research provides valuable insights for rail service operators and policymakers to enhance the pre-boarding experience, optimize station design, and improve passenger satisfaction.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. It focuses on exploring pre-boarding behaviors and perceptions of Melbourne Metro train passengers, which is unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Yang, L., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    [Primary school teachers' knowledge regarding tooth trauma in Putuo district, Shanghai area].
[Journal]  Shanghai kou qiang yi xue = Shanghai journal of stomatology 30(4): 435-438.
[Abstract] PURPOSE: This study was conducted to evaluate the knowledge of primary school teachers regarding tooth trauma in Putuo district, Shanghai.METHODS: A questionnaire involving the knowledge of tooth trauma was designed. A total of 1 020 teachers from primary schools were invited to participate in the survey. SPSS 20.0 software package was used for statistical analysis of the data.RESULTS: A total of 973 valid questionnaires were collected. 74.8% of the respondents knew the information of the nearest medical institution dealing with dental trauma; 53.8% would first inform the parents when dental trauma occurred; 59.1% chose to leave the fractured teeth to the parents for treatment; 79.5 % knew that fourth graders had permanent anterior teeth. As to the preservation medium of broken teeth, 12.7% of the participating teachers chose the wrong answer.62.7% of the teachers answered correctly about the cleaning method of contaminated broken teeth. When asked about the best time to reimplant teeth, 19.6% of the teachers chose fewer than half an hour. Teachers' gender, age and whether they were trained before affected their scores of the scene simulation questions(P<0.05), and education background was not the most important factor (P>0.05).CONCLUSIONS: Primary school teachers in Putuo district partly mastered the emergency treatment knowledge of children's tooth trauma. Medical institutions and educational institutions need to strengthen training related to children's tooth trauma.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about primary school teachers' knowledge regarding tooth trauma in the Putuo district, Shanghai. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yang, W.-C., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Home-based virtual reality balance training and conventional balance training in Parkinson's disease: A randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF THE FORMOSAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION 115(9): 734-743.
[Abstract] Background/Purpose: Virtual reality has the advantage to provide rich sensory feedbacks for training balance function. This study tested if the home-based virtual reality balance training is more effective than the conventional home balance training in improving balance, walking, and quality of life in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD).Methods: Twenty-three patients with idiopathic PD were recruited and underwent twelve 50-minute training sessions during the 6-week training period. The experimental group (n = 11) was trained with a custom-made virtual reality balance training system, and the control group (n = 12) was trained by a licensed physical therapist. Outcomes were measured at Week 0 (pretest), Week 6 (posttest), and Week 8 (follow-up). The primary outcome was the Berg Balance Scale. The secondary outcomes included the Dynamic Gait Index, timed Up-and-Go test, Parkinson's Disease Questionnaire, and the motor score of the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale.Results: The experimental and control groups were comparable at pretest. After training, both groups performed better in the Berg Balance Scale, Dynamic Gait Index, timed Up-and-Go test, and Parkinson's Disease Questionnaire at posttest and follow-up than at pretest. However, no significant differences were found between these two groups at posttest and follow-up.Conclusion: This study did not find any difference between the effects of the home-based virtual reality balance training and conventional home balance training. The two training options were equally effective in improving balance, walking, and quality of life among community-dwelling patients with PD. Copyright (C) 2015, Formosan Medical Association. Published by Elsevier Taiwan LLC. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of virtual reality balance training for patients with Parkinson's disease, not specifically for the elderly population to prevent falls. While it does involve a form of exergame (virtual reality) and is a randomized controlled trial, the target population and the primary focus are on individuals with Parkinson's disease, rather than the general elderly population. Therefore, it does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yang, W.-S., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Objective performance of emergency medical technicians in the use of mechanical cardiopulmonary resuscitation compared with subjective self-evaluation: a cross-sectional, simulation-based study.
[Journal]  BMJ OPEN 12(6).
[Abstract] Objective To evaluate the subjective and objective resuscitation performance of emergency medical technicians (EMTs) using mechanical cardiopulmonary resuscitation (MCPR) devices. Design and setting This was a cross-sectional simulation-based study where participants installed the MCPR device on a training manikin. Participants We assessed EMT-Intermediates (EMT-Is) and EMT-Paramedics (EMT-Ps) of the Emergency Medical Services (Ambulance) Division of the Taipei City Fire Department. Primary and secondary outcome measures The primary outcome was the gap between self-perceived (subjective) and actual (objective) no-flow time during resuscitation, which we hypothesised as statistically insignificant. The secondary outcome was the association between resuscitation performance and personal attributes like knowledge, attitude and self-confidence. Results Among 210 participants between 21 and 45 years old, only six were female. There were 144 EMT-Is and 66 EMT-Ps. During a simulated resuscitation lasting between four and a half and 5 min, EMTs had longer actual no-flow time compared with self-perceived no-flow time (subjective, 38 s; objective, 57.5 s; p value<0.001). This discrepancy could cause a 6.5% drop of the chest compression fraction in a resuscitation period of 5 min. Among the EMT personal factors, self-confidence was negatively associated with objective MCPR deployment performance (adjusted OR (aOR) 0.66, 95% CI 0.45 to 0.97, p=0.033) and objective teamwork performance (aOR 0.57, 95% CI 0.34 to 0.97, p=0.037) for EMT-Ps, whereas knowledge was positively associated with objective MCPR deployment performance (aOR 2.15, 95% CI 1.31 to 3.52, p=0.002) and objective teamwork performance (aOR 1.77, 95% CI 1.02 to 3.08, p=0.043) for EMT-Is. Moreover, regarding the self-evaluation of no-flow time, both self-satisfaction and self-abasement were associated with objectively poor teamwork performance. Conclusions EMTs' subjective and objective performance was inconsistent during the MCPR simulation. Self-confidence and knowledge were personal factors associated with MCPR deployment and teamwork performance. Both self-satisfaction and self-abasement were detrimental to teamwork during resuscitation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on evaluating the performance of emergency medical technicians (EMTs) in using mechanical cardiopulmonary resuscitation (MCPR) devices, and it is a cross-sectional, simulation-based study. It does not involve older people, exergames, or any intervention aimed at preventing falls.

[Author]   Yang, Y., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    The effect of visual-vestibular sensory input consistency on standing stability and electroencephalogram brain network characteristics in the elderly.
[Journal]  Shengli Xuebao 75(6, Sp. Iss. SI): 918-926.
[Abstract] Aging is a crucial factor influencing postural stability control and contributing to frequent falls, yet its underlying mechanisms remain incompletely understood. This study aims to explore the effects of aging on postural stability control by comparing differences in postural stability and node strength of electroencephalogram (EEG) brain network between elderly and young people under the conditions of congruent and incongruent visual-vestibular sensory inputs. Eighteen elderly volunteers without neuromuscular disorders and eighteen young individuals participated in the present study. Virtual reality (VR) technology was employed to manipulate visual rotation stimuli (clockwise and counterclockwise), and a horizontal rotating platform was used for vestibular rotation stimuli (clockwise). Based on the directional disparity of sensory input in the horizontal plane, visual-vestibular input consistency was categorized as congruent and incongruent. Postural stability was assessed by the center of pressure (COP) trajectory, and EEG signals were collected and analyzed using directed network analysis to observe EEG brain network node connectivity strength. The results revealed that, under conditions of incongruent visual-vestibular sensory inputs, the elderly exhibited significantly inferior postural stability performance in terms of COP anterior-posterior (Y-axial) sway speed, total path length, anterior-posterior and medial-lateral sample entropy, compared to the young adults. Moreover, the node connectivity strength of visual cortex in the elderly was notably higher, while node connectivity strength of superior temporal cortex was significantly lower than that in the young adults. These findings suggest that the elderly have a heightened reliance on visual information in postural control and an impaired ability to cope with sensory conflicts arising from incongruent visual-vestibular sensory inputs, leading to compromised postural stability. The outcomes of this study hold significant implications for future assessments of balance function in the elder and fall prevention trainings.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While the study does involve older people and uses virtual reality (VR) technology, it is focused on exploring the effects of visual-vestibular sensory input consistency on standing stability and EEG brain network characteristics. The intervention is not an exergame, and the study does not report on a randomized controlled trial aimed at preventing falls. Instead, it is more of a mechanistic study to understand the underlying factors affecting postural stability in the elderly.

[Author]   Yao, W., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Automatic diagnosis of pediatric supracondylar humerus fractures using radiomics-based machine learning.
[Journal]  MEDICINE 103(23).
[Abstract] The aim of this study was to construct a classification model for the automatic diagnosis of pediatric supracondylar humerus fractures using radiomics-based machine learning. We retrospectively collected elbow joint Radiographs of children aged 3 to 14 years and manually delineated regions of interest (ROI) using ITK-SNAP. Radiomics features were extracted using pyradiomics, a python-based feature extraction tool. T-tests and the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) algorithm were used to further select the most valuable radiomics features. A logistic regression (LR) model was trained, with an 8:2 split into training and testing sets, and 5-fold cross-validation was performed on the training set. The diagnostic performance of the model was evaluated using receiver operating characteristic curves (ROC) on the testing set. A total of 411 fracture samples and 190 normal samples were included. 1561 features were extracted from each ROI. After dimensionality reduction screening, 40 and 94 features with the most diagnostic value were selected for further classification modeling in anteroposterior and lateral elbow radiographs. The area under the curve (AUC) of anteroposterior and lateral elbow radiographs is 0.65 and 0.72. Radiomics can extract and select the most valuable features from a large number of image features. Supervised machine-learning models built using these features can be used for the diagnosis of pediatric supracondylar humerus fractures.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the automatic diagnosis of pediatric supracondylar humerus fractures using radiomics-based machine learning. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yau, T., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Adverse events associated with the delivery of telerehabilitation across rehabilitation populations: A scoping review.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 19(11): e0313440-e0313440.
[Abstract] OBJECTIVE: This scoping review aimed to map existing research on adverse events encountered during telerehabilitation delivery, across rehabilitation populations. This includes identifying characteristics of adverse events (frequency/physical/non-physical, relatedness, severity) and examining adverse events by different modes of telerehabilitation delivery and disease states.INTRODUCTION: Telerehabilitation, a subset of telemedicine, has gained traction during the COVID-19 pandemic for remote service delivery. However, no prior scoping review, systematic review, or meta-analysis has identified and summarized the current primary research on adverse events in telerehabilitation. Understanding adverse events, such as falls during physiotherapy or aspiration pneumonia during speech therapy, is crucial for identifying limitations and optimizing delivery through risk mitigation and quality indicators. This understanding could also help to improve the uptake of telerehabilitation among clinicians and patients. This review addresses this gap by summarizing published literature on adverse events during telerehabilitation.METHODS: The review followed the Joanna Briggs Institute framework and adhered to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses Extension for Scoping Reviews guidelines. The review protocol was registered and published on Open Science Framework. A comprehensive search across multiple databases (MEDLINE ALL/EMBASE/APA PsycINFO/CENTRAL/CINAHL) was conducted. Screening, extraction, and synthesis were performed in duplicate and independently. Data extraction followed the Template for Intervention Description and Replication framework and also involved extraction on authors, publication year (pre- or post-COVID), population, sample size, and modes of telerehabilitation delivery (asynchronous, synchronous, hybrid). For synthesis, data were summarized quantitatively using numerical counts and qualitatively via content analysis. The data were grouped by intervention type and by type of adverse event.INCLUSION CRITERIA: This scoping review included qualitative and quantitative studies published between 2013-2023, written in English, and conducted in any geographic area. All modes of telerehabilitation delivery were included. Systematic reviews, meta-analyses, commentaries, protocols, opinion pieces, conference abstracts, and case series with fewer than five participants were excluded.RESULTS: The search identified 11,863 references, and 81 studies were included in this review with a total of 3,057 participants (mean age:59.3 years; females:44.6%). Modes of telerehabilitation delivery (whether asynchronous, synchronous or hybrid) used in the studies included videoconferencing (52), phone calls (25), text messaging (4), email (6), mobile apps (10), and internet-based virtual reality systems (3). A total of 295 adverse events occurred during 84,534 sessions (0.3%), with the majority being physical (e.g., falls or musculoskeletal pain), non-serious/non-severe/mild, and unrelated to (i.e., not caused by) to the telerehabilitation provided.CONCLUSIONS: From the 81 included studies, telerehabilitation was delivered with related adverse events being rare, and mostly characterized as mild/non-severe. A comparable occurrence of adverse events (~30%) was found between asynchronous and synchronous telerehabilitation studies. When categorized by disease type, cardiac telerehabilitation studies had the most frequent adverse events. Detailed reporting of telerehabilitation interventions and adverse event characteristics is recommended for future studies (i.e., use of TIDieR reporting guidelines). Telerehabilitation has the potential to make rehabilitation services more accessible to patients; however, more evidence on the safety of telerehabilitation is needed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a scoping review that focuses on adverse events associated with telerehabilitation across various rehabilitation populations. It does not specifically target the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, nor does it report on randomized controlled trials with original data. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yeh, S.-C., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Interactive 3-dimensional virtual reality rehabilitation for patients with chronic imbalance and vestibular dysfunction.
[Journal]  TECHNOLOGY AND HEALTH CARE 22(6): 915-921.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Chronic imbalance is common in patients with vestibular dysfunction. Vestibular rehabilitation is effective in improving upright balance control. Vestibular rehabilitation exercises, such as Cawthorne-Cooksey exercises, include simple repetitive movements and have limited feedback and adaptive training protocols. Interactive systems based on virtual reality (VR) technology may improve vestibular rehabilitation.OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to examine the effectiveness of an interactive 3-dimensional VR system for vestibular rehabilitation.METHODS: In 49 subjects with vestibular dysfunction, VR rehabilitation exercises were performed in 6 sessions. Before and after rehabilitation, subjects were evaluated for performance of the training exercises; the center of pressure was measured for 20 seconds and balance indices were determined.RESULTS: Five training scores (total 6) showed a significant improvement. For balance indices in condition of non-stimulation, all of them (total 5) showed a trend of improvement, in which there was a significant improvement in mean mediolateral. For balance indices in condition of post-stimulation, there was a significant improvement in statokinesigram and maximum mediolateral.CONCLUSIONS: The VR rehabilitation exercises were effective in improving upright balance control in patients with vestibular dysfunction.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the use of an interactive 3-dimensional virtual reality (VR) system for vestibular rehabilitation in patients with chronic imbalance and vestibular dysfunction. While the intervention involves a form of exergame (VR), the target population is not specifically elderly, but rather patients with vestibular dysfunction. Additionally, the study does not mention that it is a randomized controlled trial, which is one of the criteria for inclusion. Therefore, this paper does not meet all the specified criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yeh, S.-C., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Machine learning-based assessment tool for imbalance and vestibular dysfunction with virtual reality rehabilitation system.
[Journal]  COMPUTER METHODS AND PROGRAMS IN BIOMEDICINE 116(3): 311-318.
[Abstract] Background and objective: Dizziness is a major consequence of imbalance and vestibular dysfunction. Compared to surgery and drug treatments, balance training is non-invasive and more desired. However, training exercises are usually tedious and the assessment tool is insufficient to diagnose patient's severity rapidly.Methods: An interactive virtual reality (VR) game-based rehabilitation program that adopted Cawthorne-Cooksey exercises, and a sensor-based measuring system were introduced. To verify the therapeutic effect, a clinical experiment with 48 patients and 36 normal subjects was conducted. Quantified balance indices were measured and analyzed by statistical tools and a Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier.Results: In terms of balance indices, patients who completed the training process are progressed and the difference between normal subjects and patients is obvious.Conclusions: Further analysis by SVM classifier show that the accuracy of recognizing the differences between patients and normal subject is feasible, and these results can be used to evaluate patients' severity and make rapid assessment. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not specifically target the prevention of falls in the elderly. While it does involve a virtual reality (VR) game-based rehabilitation program, the primary focus is on assessing and treating imbalance and vestibular dysfunction, with an emphasis on dizziness. The study includes both patients and normal subjects, but it does not specify that the intervention targets older people. Additionally, the paper does not report results from a randomized controlled trial; instead, it describes a clinical experiment. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yein, N. and S. Pal (2021). 
[Title]    Analysis of the user acceptance of exergaming (fall- preventive measure) - Tailored for Indian elderly using unified theory of acceptance and use of technology (UTAUT2) model.
[Journal]  ENTERTAINMENT COMPUTING 38.
[Abstract] Exergaming is a promising technology for the elderly to achieve balance training requirements. This paper investigates the acceptance of a tailored exergame (Indian context), termed as Therapeutic Stepping Exergame (TSE). The key constructs and the intercorrelation between these constructs contributing in the intention of using it from the consumer context (Indian elderly, N = 27, age: 66.44 +/- 5.84 years (mean +/- SD)) are done using Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology (UTAUT2) model and Spearman Correlation analysis. The study used UTAUT2 questionnaire and a semi-structured open-ended questionnaire. The descriptive statistics score for Behavioral Intention (BI) is 4.96 +/- 0.107, indicating the high user acceptance of TSE for their balance training. Perform Expectancy (PE), Effort Expectancy (EE), Facilitating Conditions (FC), Hedonistic Motivation (HM), Price Value (PV), Habit (H), and BI to use TSE are identified as the Key constructs. The results indicate a strong significant positive relationship between PE, EE, FC, HM, to BI; and moderately strong positive correlations between H, PV, to BI to use of TSE at p < 0.01. The most strong significant positive relationship is between HM to BI (0.791 at p < .01 level), whereas Social Influence doesn't correlate in terms of predicting the behavioral intention of using TSE.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper investigates the acceptance and user perception of a tailored exergame (Therapeutic Stepping Exergame, TSE) for Indian elderly using the UTAUT2 model. While it does focus on an exergame designed to prevent falls in older people, it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Instead, it focuses on the user acceptance and factors influencing the intention to use the exergame. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly as specified.

[Author]   Yelshyna, D., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    Compensatory postural adjustments in Parkinson's disease assessed via a virtual reality environment.
[Journal]  BEHAVIOURAL BRAIN RESEARCH 296: 384-392.
[Abstract] Postural control is a complex dynamic mechanism, which integrates information from visual, vestibular and somatosensory systems. Idiopathic Parkinson's disease (IPD) patients are unable to produce appropriate reflexive responses to changing environmental conditions. Still, it is controversial what is due to voluntary or involuntary postural control, even less what is the effect of levodopa. We aimed to evaluate compensatory postural adjustments (CPA), with kinematic and time-frequency analyzes, and further understand the role of dopaminergic medication on these processes. 19 healthy subjects (Controls) and 15 idiopathic Parkinson's disease (IPD) patients in the OFF and ON medication states, wearing IMUs, were submitted to a virtual reality scenario with visual downward displacements on a staircase. We also hypothesized if CPA would involve mechanisms occurring in distinct time scales. We subsequently analyzed postural adjustments on two frequency bands: low components between 0.3 and 1.5 Hz (LB), and high components between 1.5 and 3.5 Hz (HB). Vertical acceleration demonstrated a greater power for discriminating IPD patients from healthy subjects. Visual perturbation significantly increased the power of the HB in all groups, being particularly more evident in the OFF state. Levodopa significantly increased their basal power taking place on the LB. However, controls and IPD patients in the ON state revealed a similar trend of the control mechanism. Results indicate an improvement in muscular stiffness provided by levodopa. They also suggest the role of different compensatory postural adjustment patterns, with LB being related to inertial properties of the oscillating mass and HB representing reactions to the ongoing visual input-changing scenario. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on evaluating compensatory postural adjustments in Parkinson's disease patients using a virtual reality environment, but it does not specifically target older people, nor is it designed as an intervention to prevent falls. Additionally, the study is not a randomized controlled trial, and it does not report results in the context of fall prevention.

[Author]   Yen, T.-Y., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Predicting osteoporosis from kidney-ureter-bladder radiographs utilizing deep convolutional neural networks.
[Journal]  BONE 184.
[Abstract] Osteoporosis is a common condition that can lead to fractures, mobility issues, and death. Although dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) is the gold standard for osteoporosis, it is expensive and not widely available. In contrast, kidney-ureter-bladder (KUB) radiographs are inexpensive and frequently ordered in clinical practice. Thus, it is a potential screening tool for osteoporosis. In this study, we explored the possibility of predicting the bone mineral density (BMD) and classifying high-risk patient groups using KUB radiographs. We proposed DeepDXA-KUB, a deep learning model that predicts the BMD values of the left hip and lumbar vertebrae from an input KUB image. The datasets were obtained from Taiwanese medical centers between 2006 and 2019, using 8913 pairs of KUB radiographs and DXA examinations performed within 6 months. The images were randomly divided into training and validation sets in a 4:1 ratio. To evaluate the model's performance, we computed a confusion matrix and evaluated the sensitivity, specificity, accuracy, precision, positive predictive value, negative predictive value, F1 score, and area under the receiver operating curve (AUROC). Moderate correlations were observed between the predicted and DXA-measured BMD values, with a correlation coefficient of 0.858 for the lumbar vertebrae and 0.87 for the left hip. The model demonstrated an osteoporosis detection accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity of 84.7 %, 81.6 %, and 86.6 % for the lumbar vertebrae and 84.2 %, 91.2 %, and 81 % for the left hip, respectively. The AUROC was 0.939 for the lumbar vertebrae and 0.947 for the left hip, indicating a satisfactory performance in osteoporosis screening. The present study is the first to develop a deep learning model based on KUB radiographs to predict lumbar spine and femoral BMD. Our model demonstrated a promising correlation between the predicted and DXA-measured BMD in both the lumbar vertebrae and hip, showing great potential for the opportunistic screening of osteoporosis.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about predicting osteoporosis using deep convolutional neural networks on kidney-ureter-bladder (KUB) radiographs. It does not mention any exergames or interventions aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yilmaz, R. M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    An examination of vocabulary learning and retention levels of pre-school children using augmented reality technology in English language learning.
[Journal]  EDUCATION AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES 27(5): 6989-7017.
[Abstract] The purpose of this study is to discover pre-school children's vocabulary learning, retention levels, and perspectives of English language learning using augmented reality (AR) technology. To achieve this goal, a one-group pre-test, and post-test design was used to assess the effect of using AR-supported educational toys on pre-school children's learning of English words/concepts and retention levels. The case study method was used to investigate the children's perspectives of their AR learning experiences. The sample of this study consisted of 39 pre-school children aged between 5-6. Firstly, the word/concept test was conducted as a pre-test. After 4 weeks of implementation, the test was applied as a post-test. Two weeks after the implementations were completed, the same test was conducted again, and the retention level of the children was determined. Then, face-to-face interviews were done with six children within the week after the final tests. Results showed that there was a 72-point increase in their word/concept learning after the implementation. The children dropped 17 points in the retention test after a two-week break following the post-test. It was found that the children correctly answered 93% of the words saying the English versions of the visual and 55% of the words saying the English equivalents of the words. In addition, the children remembered 77% of the English version of the words shown in the visual and 50% of the English equivalents of the words. Qualitative results indicated that children liked AR materials in general and that it had a positive effect on their learning.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on pre-school children and their vocabulary learning and retention levels using augmented reality technology for English language learning. It does not meet any of the criteria specified for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ying, H., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Using multiple indicators to predict the risk of surgical site infection after ORIF of tibia fractures: a machine learning based study.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN CELLULAR AND INFECTION MICROBIOLOGY 13.
[Abstract] ObjectiveSurgical site infection (SSI) are a serious complication that can occur after open reduction and internal fixation (ORIF) of tibial fractures, leading to severe consequences. This study aimed to develop a machine learning (ML)-based predictive model to screen high-risk patients of SSI following ORIF of tibial fractures, thereby aiding in personalized prevention and treatment. MethodsPatients who underwent ORIF of tibial fractures between January 2018 and October 2022 at the Department of Emergency Trauma Surgery at Ganzhou People's Hospital were retrospectively included. The demographic characteristics, surgery-related variables and laboratory indicators of patients were collected in the inpatient electronic medical records. Ten different machine learning algorithms were employed to develop the prediction model, and the performance of the models was evaluated to select the best predictive model. Ten-fold cross validation for the training set and ROC curves for the test set were used to evaluate model performance. The decision curve and calibration curve analysis were used to verify the clinical value of the model, and the relative importance of features in the model was analyzed. ResultsA total of 351 patients who underwent ORIF of tibia fractures were included in this study, among whom 51 (14.53%) had SSI and 300 (85.47%) did not. Of the patients with SSI, 15 cases were of deep infection, and 36 cases were of superficial infection. Given the initial parameters, the ET, LR and RF are the top three algorithms with excellent performance. Ten-fold cross-validation on the training set and ROC curves on the test set revealed that the ET model had the best performance, with AUC values of 0.853 and 0.866, respectively. The decision curve analysis and calibration curves also showed that the ET model had the best clinical utility. Finally, the performance of the ET model was further tested, and the relative importance of features in the model was analyzed. ConclusionIn this study, we constructed a multivariate prediction model for SSI after ORIF of tibial fracture through ML, and the strength of this study was the use of multiple indicators to establish an infection prediction model, which can better reflect the real situation of patients, and the model show great clinical prediction performance.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using machine learning to predict the risk of surgical site infection after open reduction and internal fixation (ORIF) of tibial fractures. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yoda, T., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Automated Differentiation Between Osteoporotic Vertebral Fracture and Malignant Vertebral Fracture on MRI Using a Deep Convolutional Neural Network.
[Journal]  SPINE 47(8): E347-E352.
[Abstract] Study Design. Retrospective study of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Objectives. To assess the ability of a convolutional neural network (CNN) model to differentiate osteoporotic vertebral fractures (OVFs) and malignant vertebral compression fractures (MVFs) using short-TI inversion recovery (STIR) and T1-weighted images (T1WI) and to compare it to the performance of three spine surgeons. Summary of Background Data. Differentiating between OVFs and MVFs is crucial for appropriate clinical staging and treatment planning. However, an accurate diagnosis is sometimes difficult. Recently, CNN modeling-an artificial intelligence technique-has gained popularity in the radiology field. Methods. We enrolled 50 patients with OVFs and 47 patients with MVFs who underwent thoracolumbar MRI. Sagittal STIR images and sagittal T1WI were used to train and validate the CNN models. To assess the performance of the CNN, the receiver operating characteristic curve was plotted and the area under the curve was calculated. We also compared the accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity of the diagnosis made by the CNN and three spine surgeons. Results. The area under the curve of receiver operating characteristic curves of the CNN based on STIR images and T1WI were 0.967 and 0.984, respectively. The CNN model based on STIR images showed a performance of 93.8% accuracy, 92.5% sensitivity, and 94.9% specificity. On the other hand, the CNN model based on T1WI showed a performance of 96.4% accuracy, 98.1% sensitivity, and 94.9% specificity. The accuracy and specificity of the CNN using both STIR and T1WI were statistically equal to or better than that of three spine surgeons. There were no significant differences in sensitivity based on both STIR images and T1WI between the CNN and spine surgeons. Conclusion. We successfully differentiated OVFs and MVFs based on MRI with high accuracy using the CNN model, which was statistically equal or superior to that of the spine surgeons.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) to differentiate between osteoporotic vertebral fractures and malignant vertebral fractures on MRI. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study does not involve any exergame intervention, nor does it target fall prevention in older people. Additionally, the study design is retrospective and does not include randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Young, S. N., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Sport simulation as a form of implicit motor training in a geriatric athlete after stroke: a case report.
[Journal]  PHYSIOTHERAPY THEORY AND PRACTICE 36(4): 524-532.
[Abstract] Background and Purpose: To describe the use of sport simulation activities as a form of implicit motor learning training with a geriatric former athlete following a stroke. Case Report: An active 76-year-old former professional male softball player presented to outpatient physical therapy with medical history of right stroke with left hemiparesis 2 weeks following onset of symptoms of impaired balance, coordination, gait, and motor planning. Initial physical therapy included gait, balance, and coordination training. Additional sport-related balance and coordination activities were later added to the treatment plan. Outcomes: After approximately 3 weeks of treatment, the patient was able to return to work and had dramatically improved balance, coordination, and gait with sport simulation activities. Discussion: Implicit motor learning techniques were incorporated through sport and job task simulation activities along with task-oriented neuromuscular reeducation. The patient demonstrated improvements with gait, balance, gross motor function, and decreased fall risk.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a case report of using sport simulation activities as a form of implicit motor learning training for a geriatric athlete after a stroke. While the intervention targets an older person and involves motor training, it does not specifically mention the use of exergames (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, cognitive training). Additionally, the study is a case report, not a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Ypsilanti, A., et al. (2014). 
[Title]    Are serious video games something more than a game? A review on the effectiveness of serious games to facilitate intergenerational learning.
[Journal]  EDUCATION AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGIES 19(3): 515-529.
[Abstract] Aging diversity in organizations creates potential challenges, particularly for knowledge management, skills update and skills obsolescence. Intergenerational learning (IGL) involves knowledge building, innovation and knowledge transfer between generations within an organization (Ropes 2011). Serious games refer to the use of computer games in raising awareness about educational topics, acquiring new knowledge and skills by enabling learners to engage and participate in situations that would otherwise be impossible to experience (Corti 2006). Although learning with the use of serious games is similar to traditional learning in several cognitive respects, there are noted differences in the learning style and structure of learning using serious games. The success of learning using serious games lies in the actual involvement of a participant playing the game, which in turn, creates increased cognitive links with real-life situations allowing the individual to make relevant associations, to use mnemonic strategies with the facilitation of multi-dimensional educational aids (e.g., visual, auditory). Some of the beneficial aspects of learning with the use of serious games include the elevation of several cognitive skills, which are directly or indirectly implicated in the learning process. Among them are attention and visuo-spatial abilities, memory and motor skills. However, several barriers have been noted that fall into two general categories: a) health issues (e.g., cognitive strain, headaches) and b) psychological issues (e.g., social isolation, emotional disturbances). Since the training conditions are learner-centered and highly determined by the individual, there is increased need for evaluating the learning outcomes using specific success indicators. Examples of games that are designed to facilitate IGL are scarce, while there are no examples of IGL games in most EU countries. The purpose of this paper is to critically evaluate the current literature of theories on learning through serious games in adults and the elderly with reference to the cognitive mechanisms implicated, benefits and barriers in learning using new technologies in different generations. Secondly, this paper reviews the existence of serious games designed to facilitate IGL in Europe, as well as the characteristics of serious games in raising awareness that could be used to facilitate IGL. In doing so, specific focus is placed on the development of success indicators that determine the effectiveness of serious games on raising awareness on IGL.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a review on the effectiveness of serious games to facilitate intergenerational learning, and it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The criteria for the intervention targeting older people, the use of exergames, and the inclusion of randomized controlled trials with reported results are not met. Additionally, the paper is a review, which is explicitly excluded by the given criteria.

[Author]   Yu, C.-W., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Development and Preliminary Usability Evaluation of a Somatosensory Square Dance System for Older Chinese Persons: Mixed Methods Study.
[Journal]  JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 8(2).
[Abstract] Background: Chinese square dancing, known as guangchang wu in Chinese, is a well-known public fitness activity that provides an entertaining way for older Chinese women to improve their flexibility, lower extremity strength, overall coordination, and balance. However, injuries, noise conflicts, and lack of space are challenging aspects of this activity. Somatosensory games (SG) are an increasingly popular physical fitness approach to enhance the selective attention of older persons with indoor engagement and exercises.Objective: The objectives of this study were to develop a newly designed somatosensory square dance system for older Chinese people and to evaluate its usability.Methods: This is a mixed methods study. The newly designed somatosensory square dance system is a somatic training tool that provides adequate Chinese square dance fitness training based on Laban Movement Analysis (LMA) and design guidelines established in a previous stage. The usability evaluation involved a questionnaire and interviews. Twelve participants were interviewed before and after experiencing the 15-minute dancing and learning process within the program. In addition, participants scored their experience satisfaction in psychological, physiological, and relaxation sections on a scale of 1 to 5 using a questionnaire. Qualitative content analysis and quantitative analysis of the satisfaction scores supported understanding of usability problems.Results: Based on the interview results, 6/12 (50%) of the participants thought the system could help them correct their dancing movements indoors without being affected by poor outdoor weather. Among the participants, 3/12 (25%) indicated that this indoor system could enable them to enjoy fitness activities in a private space. Moreover, 3/12 participants (25%) stated that this system could promote family relationships by providing easy dancing movements. All participants were highly satisfied with the relaxation aspect of the system (4.45/5). The participants were all psychologically satisfied and interested in the novel features of the system, with an average score of 4.16/5. Physiologically, participants affirmed that the system could help them maintain good health (4.91/5).Conclusions: The results of this study suggest that the somatosensory square dance system can be used as an indoor fitness tool to improve older Chinese square dancers' health conditions with reasonable dance training. Noise and space conflicts can be addressed. The Laban Elated Square Dance system, which was modified by therapists based on LMA and square dance design guidelines, was highly approved by dancers because it decreased the possibility of injuries, falls, and joint damage by considering the physical and psychological difficulties of older persons. Different features will be considered in the next stage, such as greater selection of exercises and difficulty level settings. Users' social needs will also be explored in subsequent stages.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and usability evaluation of a somatosensory square dance system for older Chinese people. While it does involve an exergame (somatosensory game) and targets older people, the study is a mixed methods study that focuses on the usability and satisfaction of the system. It does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial, which is one of the criteria for the judgment. Therefore, the answer is "NO".

[Author]   Yu, J.-P., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Factors associated with non-lifting of colorectal mucosal lesions.
[Journal]  SCANDINAVIAN JOURNAL OF GASTROENTEROLOGY 58(4): 429-434.
[Abstract] Background Endoscopic submucosal dissection (ESD) is an effective treatment for colorectal tumors. However, lesions that cannot be lifted after submucosal injection are not indication for ESD. This is because the procedure is difficult, and the lesions are often considered as tumor invasion or submucosal fibrosis. The aims of this study are to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ESD for non-lifting lesions and to analyze the causes of non-lifting phenomenon. Methods This retrospective study included 29 patients with non-lifting colon lesions resected by ESD from February 2018 to September 2021. Cases were observed for demographics, endoscopic findings, treatment outcomes, adverse events and endoscopic follow-up. We studied the pathological features of lesions to explore the reasons for non-lifting. Results Among 29 cases of non-lifting lesions, 20 lesions (69.0%) were 30 mm in diameter or larger. Most of lesions (96.6%) were non-lifting in center, and only one lesions (3.4%) had non-lifting of one side. The en bloc and curative resection rates of ESD were 100 and 86.2%, respectively. There was one (3.4%) delayed bleeding, no perforations and other complications. No tumor recurrence occurred during the follow-up period. For pathological features, 16 (55.2%) non-lifting lesions had submucosal fibrosis and only 4 cases (13.8%) had deep submucosal invasion. There were 9 cases (31.0%) of non-lifting lesions due to musculo-fibrous of muscularis propria anomaly (MMPA). Conclusion MMPA is another reason for non-lifting signs besides invasive carcinomas and submucosal fibrosis. ESD should be considered in patients with large non-lifting adenoma instead of surgery.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about factors associated with non-lifting of colorectal mucosal lesions and the efficacy and safety of endoscopic submucosal dissection (ESD) for such lesions. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not a randomized controlled trial related to fall prevention.

[Author]   Yu, L., et al. (2016). 
[Title]    A remote quantitative Fugl-Meyer assessment framework for stroke patients based on wearable sensor networks.
[Journal]  COMPUTER METHODS AND PROGRAMS IN BIOMEDICINE 128: 100-110.
[Abstract] To extend the use of wearable sensor networks for stroke patients training and assessment in non-clinical settings, this paper proposes a novel remote quantitative Fugl-Meyer assessment (FMA) framework, in which two accelerometer and seven flex sensors were used to monitoring the movement function of upper limb, wrist and fingers. The extreme learning machine based ensemble regression model was established to map the sensor data to clinical FMA scores while the RRelief algorithm was applied to find the optimal features subset. Considering the FMA scale is time-consuming and complicated, seven training exercises were designed to replace the upper limb related 33 items in FMA scale. 24 stroke inpatients participated in the experiments in clinical settings and 5 of them were involved in the experiments in home settings after they left the hospital. Both the experimental results in clinical and home settings showed that the proposed quantitative FMA model can precisely predict the FMA scores based on wearable sensor data, the coefficient of determination can reach as high as 0.917. It also indicated that the proposed framework can provide a potential approach to the remote quantitative rehabilitation training and evaluation. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the abstract involves a remote quantitative Fugl-Meyer assessment framework for stroke patients using wearable sensor networks, which does not meet the criteria for an exergame intervention. Additionally, the focus is on upper limb, wrist, and finger movement function, rather than fall prevention.

[Author]   Yu, P., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Quantitative influence and performance analysis of virtual reality laparoscopic surgical training system.
[Journal]  BMC MEDICAL EDUCATION 22(1).
[Abstract] Background Virtual reality (VR) surgery training has become a trend in clinical education. Many research papers validate the effectiveness of VR-based surgical simulators in training medical students. However, most existing articles employ subjective methods to study the residents' surgical skills improvement. Few of them investigate how to improve the surgery skills on specific dimensions substantially. Methods Our paper resorts to physiological approaches to objectively study the quantitative influence and performance analysis of VR laparoscopic surgical training system for medical students. Fifty-one participants were recruited from a pool of medical students. They conducted four pre and post experiments in the training box. They were trained on VR-based laparoscopic surgery simulators (VRLS) in the middle of pre and post experiments. Their operation and physiological data (heart rate and electroencephalogram) are recorded during the pre and post experiments. The physiological data is used to compute cognitive load and flow experience quantitatively. Senior surgeons graded their performance using newly designed hybrid standards for fundamental tasks and Global operative assessment of laparoscopic skills (GOALS) standards for colon resection tasks. Finally, the participants were required to fill the questionnaires about their cognitive load and flow experience. Results After training on VRLS, the time of the experimental group to complete the same task could drop sharply (p < 0.01). The performance scores are enhanced significantly (p < 0.01). The performance and cognitive load computed from EEG are negatively correlated (p < 0.05). Conclusion The results show that the VRLS could highly improve medical students' performance and enable the participants to obtain flow experience with a lower cognitive load. Participants' performance is negatively correlated with cognitive load through quantitative physiological analysis. This might provide a new way of assessing skill acquirement.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a virtual reality (VR) laparoscopic surgical training system for medical students, not for older people. The focus is on improving surgical skills and performance, and it does not address fall prevention in the elderly. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yu, Q., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Effects of Virtual Reality training on falls prevention in the older adults: a Meta-analysis.
[Journal]  Chinese Nursing Management 21(4): 532-539.
[Abstract] Objective: To evaluate the effects of exercise training based on Virtual Reality on fall prevention in the older adults. Methods: Randomized Controlled Trials (RCTs) regarding the effects of Virtual Reality for fall prevention in the elderly were collected in CNKI, Wanfang Data, VIP, CBM, PubMed, Web of Science, and the Cochrane Library. Results: A total of 12 RCTs involving 542 older adults were included. The results of Meta-analysis showed that the gait and dynamic and static balance function of older adults in the virtual reality training group were significantly better than those in the traditional interventional group (P<0.05). However, no significant effects of such training on the muscle strength of the lower extremities and the fear of falls were found in the older adults (P>0.05). Conclusion: The Virtual Reality training can improve the gait and dynamic and static balance function of the older adults, and reduce their risk of fall. However, there are still controversies on improving lower limb muscle strength and reducing fear of falls in the older adults, which needs to be further verified by studies.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a meta-analysis, which does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. The abstract clearly states that this is a meta-analysis of multiple RCTs, and therefore, it should not be included based on the given criteria.

[Author]   Yu, S., et al. (2018). 
[Title]    Hidden Markov Mode Based Fall Detection With Motion Sensor Orientation Calibration: A Case for Real-Life Home Monitoring.
[Journal]  IEEE JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATICS 22(6): 1847-1853.
[Abstract] Falls are a major threat for senior citizens' independent living. Motion sensor technologies and automatic fall detection systems have emerged as a reliable low-cost solution to this challenge. We develop a hidden Markov model (HMM) based fall detection system to detect falls automatically using a single motion sensor for real-life home monitoring scenarios. We propose a new representation for acceleration signals in HMMs to avoid feature engineering and developed a sensor orientation calibration algorithm to resolve sensor misplacement issues (misplaced sensor location and misaligned sensor orientation) in real-world scenarios. HMM classifiers are trained to detect falls based on acceleration signal data collected from motion sensors. We collect a dataset from experiments of simulated falls and normal activities and acquired a dataset from a real-world fall repository (FARSEEING) to evaluate our system. Our system achieves positive predictive value of 0.981 and sensitivity of 0.992 on the experiment dataset with 200 fall events and 385 normal activities, and positive predictive value of 0.786 and sensitivity of 1.000 on the real-world fall dataset with 22 fall events and 2618 normal activities. Our system's results significantly outperform benchmark systems, which shows the advantage of our HMM-based fall detection system with sensor orientation calibration. Our fall detection system is able to precisely detect falls in reallife home scenarios with a reasonably low false alarm ratet.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on developing a hidden Markov model (HMM) based fall detection system using motion sensors for real-life home monitoring. While the intervention targets older people, the focus is on detecting falls rather than preventing them. Additionally, the intervention does not involve exergames or any form of exercise or cognitive training. Therefore, this paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Yuan, Z., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Statistical Inferences of HIVRNA and Fracture Based on the PAK1 Expression <i>via</i> Neural Network Model.
[Journal]  CURRENT HIV RESEARCH 21(1): 43-55.
[Abstract] Background Acquired immune deficiency syndrome and fracture are all serious hazards to human health that create a widespread alarm. Biomarkers that are closely linked to HIVRNA and fracture are unknown. Methods 48 cases with HIV and fracture and 112 normal cases were recruited. Blood neutrophil count (NEU), white blood cell count (WBC), PAK1 and HIVRNA were measured. Pearson's chi-squared test was used to evaluate the association between HIVRNA with fracture and NEU, WBC, PAK1. BP neural network model was constructed to analyze the predictive power of the combined effects of NEU, WBC, PAK1 for HIV RNA with fracture. Results There exist strong correlations between PAK1, NEU, WBC and HIVRNA with fracture. The neural network model was successfully constructed. The overall determination coefficients of the training sample, validation sample, and test sample were 0.7235, 0.4795, 0.6188, 0.6792, respectively, indicating that the fitting effect between training sample and overall was good. Statistical determination coefficient of the goodness of fit R-2 approximate to 0.82, it can be considered that degree of fit between the estimate and corresponding actual data is good. Conclusion HIVRNA with fracture could be predicted using a neural network model based on NEU, WBC, PAK1. The neural network model is an innovative algorithm for forecasting HIVRNA levels with fracture.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the statistical inferences of HIV RNA and fracture based on PAK1 expression using a neural network model. It does not meet any of the criteria for being related to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Yue, L., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Repurposing design in bedrooms to improve home accessibility: task and motion analysis using the virtual reality environment.
[Journal]  Proceedings of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society Annual Meeting: 368-372.
[Abstract] Functional disabilities, which have an association with a higher risk of falling in households, are common in the U.S. Individuals with functional limitations may benefit from accessible homes since they improve safety and reduce the risk of falling. Repurposing design is one strategy to improve home accessibility, by adapting home spaces and fixtures to serve a new purpose. This study aimed to propose a repurposing design in the bedroom area. The idea for a new bedroom repurposing design was proposed after analyzing a standard bedroom floor plan. The original standard bedroom layout and the redesigned bedroom layout were simulated in a virtual reality environment. To evaluate the accessibility of the new bedroom repurposing design, six participants (four females, 56.3 14.1 years old) were recruited to perform two daily activities (i.e., relocating the robe & going to the bathroom) in both the original and redesigned bedrooms. The comparison of participants' task performance and trunk motion in both bedroom layouts revealed: (1) the sequences of actions required for two daily activities were similar between both bedroom layouts, (2) participants spent less time and walked for a shorter distance in the redesigned bedroom layout than in the original layout, (3) the motion smoothness when walking to the closet improved, whereas the RMS of trunk acceleration when opening the bathroom door decreased in the redesigned bedroom layout compared to the original layout.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation:
- The intervention targets older people, as the participants' average age is 56.3 years, and the study is related to functional disabilities and fall risks.
- However, the intervention is not an exergame. It involves a virtual reality environment to simulate and analyze the accessibility of bedroom designs, but it does not involve any form of exercise or cognitive training through games.
- The paper reports on a task and motion analysis using a virtual reality environment, but it is not a randomized controlled trial focused on exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Yun, S. J., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Fully immersive virtual reality exergames with dual-task components for patients with Parkinson's disease: a feasibility study.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 20(1).
[Abstract] Background Dual-task training in Parkinson's disease (PD) improves spatiotemporal gait parameters, cognition, and quality of life. Virtual reality (VR) has been used as a therapeutic tool for patients to participate in activities in a safe environment, engage in multisensory experiences, and improve motivation and interest in rehabilitation. This study aimed to investigate the feasibility of fully immersive VR exergames with dual-task components in patients with PD.Methods We developed VR exergames (go/no-go punch game, go/no-go stepping game, and number punch game) to improve habitual behavior control using motor-cognitive dual-task performance in patients with PD. The participants underwent 10 sessions 2-3 times a week, consisting of 30 min per session. The Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale, Timed Up and Go test (TUG) under single- and dual-task (cognitive and physical) conditions, Berg balance scale (BBS), Stroop test, trail-making test, and digit span were evaluated before and after intervention. The Simulator Sickness Questionnaire (SSQ) was used to assess VR cybersickness. Usability was assessed using a selfreported questionnaire.Results Twelve patients were enrolled and completed the entire training session. The mean age of participants was 73.83 +/- 6.09 years; mean disease duration was 128.83 +/- 76.96 months. The Hoehn and Yahr stages were 2.5 in seven patients and 3 in five patients. A significant improvement was observed in BBS and Stroop color-word test (p = 0.047 and p = 0.003, respectively). TUG time and dual-task interferences showed positive changes, but these changes were not statistically significant. The median SSQ total score was 28.05 (IQR: 29.92), 13.09 (IQR: 11.22), and 35.53 (IQR: 52.36) before, after the first session, and after the final session, respectively; the differences were not significant. Overall satisfaction with the intervention was 6.0 (IQR: 1.25) on a 7-point Likert-type scale.Conclusions Fully immersive VR exergames combined with physical and cognitive tasks may be used for rehabilitation of patients with PD without causing serious adverse effects. Furthermore, the exergames using dual-task components improved executive function and balance. Further development of VR training content may be needed to improve motor and dual-task performances.Trial registration NCT04787549 (https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04787549)
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation:
- The intervention targets patients with Parkinson's disease, and while the mean age of 73.83 years suggests that the participants are older, the primary focus is on Parkinson's disease rather than general elderly populations.
- The intervention uses fully immersive VR exergames, which fits the criteria for an exergame.
- The study reports the results of a feasibility study, but it is not a randomized controlled trial (RCT). The abstract mentions that this is a feasibility study, and the focus is on assessing the feasibility and usability of the intervention rather than reporting the results of an RCT.. Therefore, the paper does not meet all the criteria specified, particularly the requirement for a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Zaborski, D., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    The comparison between random forest and boosted trees for dystocia detection in dairy cows.
[Journal]  COMPUTERS AND ELECTRONICS IN AGRICULTURE 163.
[Abstract] The aim of the present study was to compare the predictive performance of random forest (RF) and boosted trees (BT) used for dystocia detection in dairy heifers and cows. In order to get a better insight into the predictive abilities of these two models, several datasets with a varying proportion of easy and difficult calvings were utilized. Moreover, the most important predictors of calving difficulty were identified. A total of 362,635 and 883,744 calving records of Polish Holstein-Friesian heifers and cows of the Black-and-White and Red-and-White strains, respectively, were used. Five or seven predictors were included in the models for heifers and cows, respectively. Calving difficulty (two classes: easy and difficult or original six classes) was an output (dependent) variable. Sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of the RF and BT models for heifers evaluated on the test set (with an original proportion of easy and difficult calvings) were 0.0%, 100.0% and 93.9% as well as 55.5%, 54.9% and 55.0%, respectively. Sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of the RF and BT models for cows were 0.0%, 100.0% and 97.2% as well as 41.5%, 78.6% and 77.5%, respectively. ST had better sensitivity than RF when trained on the sets with an increasing percentage of easy calvings, although their overall accuracy was lower. The performance of the models predicting six classes of calving difficulty was generally worse than that for two classes. Unfortunately, none of the models investigated in the present study was good enough for practical application under field conditions. Although BT were more accurate in detecting difficult calvings, they also generated a large number of false alarms. The most important predictors of calving difficulty determined in the present study (calving age, gestation length and previous calving difficulty) were in agreement with previous reports.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about comparing the predictive performance of random forest and boosted trees for detecting dystocia (difficult calving) in dairy cows. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zadro, J. R., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Family History Influences the Effectiveness of Home Exercise in Older People With Chronic Low Back Pain: A Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  ARCHIVES OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE AND REHABILITATION 101(8): 1322-1331.
[Abstract] Objective: To investigate whether a family history of low back pain (LBP) influences patient outcomes and treatment effects following home exercises in older people with chronic LBP.Design: Secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial.Setting: Local community.Participants: People older than 55 years with chronic LBP (N=60).Interventions: Participants in the intervention group completed video game exercises for 60 minutes 3 times per week for 8 weeks. Participants in the control group were instructed to maintain their usual levels of activity and care seeking behaviors.Main Outcomes Measures: Participants indicated whether any of their immediate family members had a history of "any" LBP or "activitylimiting" LBP at baseline. We collected self-reported measures of pain, function, pain self-efficacy, care seeking, physical activity, disability, fear of movement and/or reinjury, and falls efficacy at baseline, 8 weeks, 3 months, and 6 months. We performed regression analyses to determine whether a family history of LBP predicted patient outcomes and moderated the effects of home exercise.Results: Participants with a family history of any LBP were less likely to be highly active than those without a family history (odds ratio, 0.08; 95% CI, 0.01-0.42; P=.003). Home-based video game exercises led to improvements in function in those without a family history of activitylimiting LBP (beta=1.78; 95% CI, 0.56-3.00; P=.006) but not in those with a family history (beta = -0.17; 95% CI, -2.56 to 2.21; P=.880) (interaction P=.049). A family history of LBP did not influence the remaining patient outcomes or treatment effects.Conclusions: A family history of LBP appears to negatively influence physical activity levels in older people with chronic LBP. Further, home-based video game exercises appear to be beneficial for older people with chronic LBP that do not have a family history of LBP. (C) 2020 by the American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effectiveness of home exercise, specifically using video game exercises, in older people with chronic low back pain. While it does involve an intervention that includes a form of exergame and targets older people, the primary focus is on chronic low back pain and not on preventing falls. Additionally, the outcomes measured are related to pain, function, and physical activity, rather than fall prevention. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zadro, J. R., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    Video-game based exercises for older people with chronic low back pain: a protocol for a feasibility randomised controlled trial (the GAMEBACK trial).
[Journal]  PHYSIOTHERAPY 103(2): 146-153.
[Abstract] Objectives To investigate the feasibility of implementing a video-game exercise programme for older people with chronic low back pain (LBP).Design Single-centred single-blinded randomised controlled trial (RCT).Setting Physiotherapy outpatient department in a public hospital in Western Sydney, Australia.Participants We will recruit 60 participants over 55 years old with chronic LBP from the waiting list.Interventions Participants will be randomised to receive video-game exercise (n = 30) or to remain on the waiting list (n = 30) for 8 weeks, with follow up at 3 and 6 months. Participants engaging in video-game exercises will be unsupervised and will complete video-game exercise for 60 minutes, 3 times per week. Participants allocated to remain on the waiting list will be encouraged to maintain their usual levels of physical activity.Main outcome measure The primary outcomes for this feasibility study will be study processes (recruitment and response rates, adherence to and experience with the intervention, and incidence of adverse events) relevant to the future design of a large RCT. Estimates of treatment efficacy (point estimates and 95% confidence intervals) on pain self-efficacy, care seeking, physical activity, fear of movement/re-injury, pain, physical function, disability, falls-efficacy, strength, and walking speed, will be our secondary outcome measures.Results Recruitment for this trial began in November 2015.Conclusion This study describes the rationale and processes of a feasibility study investigating a video-game exercise programme for older people with chronic LBP. Results from the feasibility study will inform on the design and sample required for a large multicentre RCT. (C) 2016 Chartered Society of Physiotherapy. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. Explanation: While the paper does target older people and uses a video-game based intervention, it is specifically focused on chronic low back pain rather than fall prevention. Additionally, the study is a feasibility randomized controlled trial, which means it is primarily aimed at assessing the feasibility of the intervention rather than reporting definitive results. Therefore, this paper does not meet all the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zadro, J. R., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    Video-Game-Based Exercises for Older People With Chronic Low Back Pain: A Randomized Controlledtable Trial (GAMEBACK).
[Journal]  PHYSICAL THERAPY 99(1): 14-27.
[Abstract] Background. Video game technology increases adherence to home exercise and could support self-management for older people with chronic low back pain (LBP).Objective. The objective was to investigate the effects of home-based video game exercises on pain self-efficacy and care-seeking in older people with chronic LBP.Design. The study was a randomized controlled trial.Setting. The setting was a community and waiting list.Participants. Sixty participants, aged > 55 years with chronic LBP, were randomized (1:1) to Wii Fit U exercises or to continue their usual activities for 8 weeks.Intervention. The intervention was home-based Wii Fit U flexibility, strengthening, and aerobic exercises for 60 minutes, 3 times per week, with fortnightly calls from a physical therapist.Measurements. Measurements included pain self-efficacy and care-seeking (primary outcomes), and physical activity, pain, function, disability, fear of movement/reinjury, falls efficacy, recruitment and response rates, adherence, experience with the intervention, and adverse events (secondary outcomes).Results. The mean age of participants was 67.8 (standard deviation = 6.0) years. Adherence to the total recommended exercise time was 70.8%, and no adverse events were reported. Participants completing Wii Fit U exercises had significantly higher pain self-efficacy at 6 months, but not immediately postintervention or at 3 months; there were no between-group differences in care-seeking. Compared with the control group, participants completing Wii Fit U exercises demonstrated significantly greater improvements in pain and function at 8 weeks and were more likely to engage in flexibility exercises at 6 months. There were no significant between-group differences for the remaining outcomes.Limitations. Participants and therapists were not blinded.Conclusions. Wii Fit U exercises improved pain self-efficacy at 6 months, and pain and function immediately postintervention in older people with chronic LBP, but the clinical importance of these changes is questionable. Wii Fit U exercises had no effect on careseeking, physical activity, disability, fear of movement/reinjury, or falls efficacy.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of video-game-based exercises (Wii Fit U) for older people with chronic low back pain. While it meets the criteria of targeting older people and using an exergame, the primary focus and outcomes reported are related to pain self-efficacy, care-seeking, and other measures related to chronic low back pain. The paper does not specifically aim to prevent falls in the elderly, and there are no significant between-group differences in falls efficacy. Therefore, this paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zaitsev, A. I., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Study of the Effect of Recrystallization Annealing Regimes in Continuous Operating Units on the State of If-Steel Solid Solution and Mechanical Properties.
[Journal]  METALLURGIST 64(3-4): 334-341.
[Abstract] Laboratory simulation of recrystallization annealing in continuously operating units is performed for rolled IF-steels of nine different compositions of laboratory and industrial melting. It is established that by controlling parameters of low-temperature processing regimes in a CAU and CHGU, it is possible to improve ductility and formability of rolled IF-steels significantly. During annealing rolled products in a CHGU it is possible to reduce the intensity of aging processes and prevent a reduction in ductility and formability using a strip temperature at the exit of the accelerated cooling section (P6) of at least 540 degrees C, as well as a strip temperature at the exit from the cooling section after the galvanizing bath (P10) of not more than 180 degrees C. This is especially relevant for IF-steels with a low sulfur content, when the possibility of stabilizing carbon in the form of titanium carbosulfide is limited. During annealing in a CAU rolled products from fully stabilized IF steels are slightly sensitive to overageing temperature regime. With incomplete stabilization of carbon in IF-steels, due to a low titanium concentration, its removal from solid solution in the form of cementite precipitates and the improvement of ductility and formability of rolled products is possible when using an overageing regime of 420-330 degrees C, and especially at 390-300 degrees C. Removal of carbon from the solid solution may be prevented by a high phosphorus concentration (approximate to 0.011 wt.%) in steel. In this case, complete stabilization of IF steel is necessary by increasing titanium and/or niobium concentration.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the effect of recrystallization annealing regimes on the mechanical properties of IF-steel, and it does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zak, M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Frailty Syndrome-Fall Risk and Rehabilitation Management Aided by Virtual Reality (VR) Technology Solutions: A Narrative Review of the Current Literature.
[Journal]  INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 19(5).
[Abstract] Frailty, a physiological syndrome (FS) affecting primarily the older adults, manifests itself through significantly depleted bodily reserves, and appreciably higher (up to over threefold) individual exposure to fall risk. Concomitant medical conditions such as balance impairment, reduced visual acuity, limited mobility, and significantly diminished daily functional performance further exacerbate the patients' condition. Their resultant susceptibility to frequent hospitalisations makes their prognosis even worse. This narrative review aimed to provide an overview of published studies focused on rehabilitation management approaches aided by virtual reality (VR) technology in frail older adults. The authors had it also augmented with their own, evidence-based body of experience in rehabilitation. Making use of technologically advanced exercise machinery, specially adapted for rehabilitating frail older adults, combined with a structured exercise regimen, further aided by the application of select virtual reality (VR) technology solutions, clearly proved effective. Consequently, the patients were helped to move back from the frail to the pre-frail stage, as well as had their motor and cognitive functions appreciably enhanced. The application of modern technology in rehabilitating older adults over 65, affected by FS, when specifically aided by the select VR technology solutions, was also proven to complement successfully the conventional rehabilitation management. The overall versatility of the VR technology solutions, e.g., adaptation for home use allowing remote supervision, also makes this novel approach to rehabilitation far more appealing to the patients. They find it both very attractive and far more mentally engaging. Its considerable potential lies mostly in being appreciably more effective in bringing in desirable therapeutic outcomes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a narrative review, which means it does not include original data from randomized controlled trials. Additionally, while the paper discusses the use of virtual reality (VR) technology in the rehabilitation of frail older adults, it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames to prevent falls. Therefore, based on the given criteria, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Zak, M., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Rehabilitation in Older Adults Affected by Immobility Syndrome, Aided by Virtual Reality Technology: A Narrative Review.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF CLINICAL MEDICINE 12(17).
[Abstract] Individual mobility deficit in older adults induces a variety of medical conditions, diminishing their functional capacity in pursuing activities of daily living. In immobility syndrome patients, such conditions are prone further deterioration through a drastically reduced scope of physical activity, owing mostly to poor self-motivation and the monotonous character of conventional rehabilitation regimens. As evidenced by published research, virtual reality technology solutions in rehabilitation management actually add significantly to patients' self-motivation, while promoting their active involvement in therapy through visual, auditory, and kinaesthetic stimuli. Effective rehabilitation training aided by virtual reality solutions helps patients acquire specific physical and cognitive skills to be subsequently emulated in the real-world environment. The extra added advantage lies in facilitating such training within patients' own home environments, combined with online monitoring of their progress, when not personally supervised by a physiotherapist, which also boosts the overall cost effectiveness of the therapeutic management itself. This narrative review appears to be the very first one principally focused on critically comparing individual immobilisation with immobility syndrome, especially through the application of the Authors' own substantial hands-on therapeutic experience in managing various rehabilitation schemes, specifically aided by diverse virtual reality technology solutions.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a narrative review, and it does not meet the criteria for inclusion as it does not report the results of a randomized controlled trial. Additionally, while it discusses the use of virtual reality technology in rehabilitation for older adults, it is not specifically focused on preventing falls.

[Author]   Zanatta, F., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Biopsychosocial effects and experience of use of robotic and virtual reality devices in neuromotor rehabilitation: A study protocol.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 18(3).
[Abstract] Background Robot-assisted therapy (RAT) and virtual reality (VR)-based neuromotor rehabilitation have shown promising evidence in terms of patient's neuromotor recovery, so far. However, still little is known on the perceived experience of use of robotic and VR devices and the related psychosocial impact. The present study outlines a study protocol aiming to investigate the biopsychosocial effects and the experience of use of robotic and non-immersive VR devices in patients undergoing neuromotor rehabilitation. Methods Adopting a prospective, two-arm, non-randomized study design, patients with different neuromotor diseases (i.e., acquired brain injury, Parkinson's Disease, and total knee/hip arthroplasty) undergoing rehabilitation will be included. In a real-world clinical setting, short- (4 weeks) and long-term (6 months) changes in multiple patient's health domains will be investigated, including the functional status (i.e., motor functioning, ADLs, risk of falls), cognitive functioning (i.e., attention and executive functions), physical and mental health-related quality of life (HRQoL), and the psychological status (i.e., anxiety and depression, quality of life satisfaction). At post-intervention, the overall rehabilitation experience, the psychosocial impact of the robotic and VR devices will be assessed, and technology perceived usability and experience of use will be evaluated through a mixed-methods approach, including both patients' and physiotherapists' perspectives. Repeated measures within-between interaction effects will be estimated, and association analyses will be performed to explore the inter-relationships among the variables investigated. Data collection is currently ongoing. Implications The biopsychosocial framework adopted will contribute to expanding the perspective on patient's recovery within the technology-based rehabilitation field beyond motor improvement. Moreover, the investigation of devices experience of use and usability will provide further insight into technology deployment in neuromotor rehabilitation programs, thereby maximising therapy engagement and effectiveness.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. While it does involve virtual reality (VR) and robotic devices, which could be considered as exergames, the study is a non-randomized protocol focusing on the biopsychosocial effects and experience of use of these devices in neuromotor rehabilitation. The intervention targets include patients with various neuromotor diseases, but it is not specifically focused on older people, and the primary goal is not fall prevention. Additionally, the study design is non-randomized, and the results are not yet reported, as data collection is ongoing.

[Author]   Zanotto, T., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Multimodal exercise training to reduce frailty in people with multiple sclerosis: study protocol for a pilot randomized controlled trial.
[Journal]  Pilot and feasibility studies 10(1).
[Abstract] Background Frailty, a syndrome characterized by decreased reserve and resistance to stressors across multiple physiologic systems, is highly prevalent in people living with multiple sclerosis (pwMS), independent of age or disability level. Frailty in MS is strongly associated with adverse clinical outcomes, such as falls, and may aggravate MS-related symptoms. Consequently, there is a pressing necessity to explore and evaluate strategies to reduce frailty levels in pwMS. The purpose of this pilot randomized controlled trial (RCT) will be to examine the feasibility and preliminary efficacy of a multimodal exercise training program to reduce frailty in pwMS.Methods A total of 24 participants will be randomly assigned to 6 weeks of multimodal exercise or to a waitlist control group with a 1:1 allocation. PwMS aged 40-65 years and living with frailty will be eligible. The multimodal exercise program will consist of cognitive-motor rehabilitation (i.e., virtual reality treadmill training) combined with progressive, evidence-based resistance training. At baseline and post-intervention, participants will complete the Evaluative Frailty Index for Physical Activity (EFIP), measures of fall risk, and quality of life. Frailty-related biomarkers will also be assessed. In addition, the feasibility of the multimodal exercise program will be systematically and multidimensionally evaluated.Discussion To date, no RCT has yet been conducted to evaluate whether targeted exercise interventions can minimize frailty in MS. The current study will provide novel data on the feasibility and preliminary efficacy of multimodal exercise training as a strategy for counteracting frailty in pwMS.Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT06042244 (registered in September 2023).
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on a multimodal exercise training program, which includes virtual reality treadmill training and resistance training, to reduce frailty in people with multiple sclerosis (pwMS) aged 40-65 years. While the intervention involves a form of exergame (virtual reality treadmill training), the primary target population is not specifically the elderly, and the main outcome is the reduction of frailty, not the prevention of falls. Additionally, the study is a pilot randomized controlled trial focused on feasibility and preliminary efficacy, rather than a full-scale RCT reporting results.

[Author]   Zapata, R. D., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Machine learning-based prediction models for home discharge in patients with COVID-19: Development and evaluation using electronic health records.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 18(10).
[Abstract] ObjectiveThis study aimed to develop and validate predictive models using electronic health records (EHR) data to determine whether hospitalized COVID-19-positive patients would be admitted to alternative medical care or discharged home.MethodsWe conducted a retrospective cohort study using deidentified data from the University of Florida Health Integrated Data Repository. The study included 1,578 adult patients (>= 18 years) who tested positive for COVID-19 while hospitalized, comprising 960 (60.8%) female patients with a mean (SD) age of 51.86 (18.49) years and 618 (39.2%) male patients with a mean (SD) age of 54.35 (18.48) years. Machine learning (ML) model training involved cross-validation to assess their performance in predicting patient disposition.ResultsWe developed and validated six supervised ML-based prediction models (logistic regression, Gaussian Naive Bayes, k-nearest neighbors, decision trees, random forest, and support vector machine classifier) to predict patient discharge status. The models were evaluated based on the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC-AUC), precision, accuracy, F1 score, and Brier score. The random forest classifier exhibited the highest performance, achieving an accuracy of 0.84 and an AUC of 0.72. Logistic regression (accuracy: 0.85, AUC: 0.71), k-nearest neighbor (accuracy: 0.84, AUC: 0.63), decision tree (accuracy: 0.84, AUC: 0.61), Gaussian Naive Bayes (accuracy: 0.84, AUC: 0.66), and support vector machine classifier (accuracy: 0.84, AUC: 0.67) also demonstrated valuable predictive capabilities.SignificanceThis study's findings are crucial for efficiently allocating healthcare resources during pandemics like COVID-19. By harnessing ML techniques and EHR data, we can create predictive tools to identify patients at greater risk of severe symptoms based on their medical histories. The models developed here serve as a foundation for expanding the toolkit available to healthcare professionals and organizations. Additionally, explainable ML methods, such as Shapley Additive Explanations, aid in uncovering underlying data features that inform healthcare decision-making processes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and validating machine learning-based prediction models to determine the discharge status of hospitalized COVID-19 patients. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zaroug, A., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Prediction of gait trajectories based on the Long Short Term Memory neural networks.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 16(8).
[Abstract] The forecasting of lower limb trajectories can improve the operation of assistive devices and minimise the risk of tripping and balance loss. The aim of this work was to examine four Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) neural network architectures (Vanilla, Stacked, Bidirectional and Autoencoders) in predicting the future trajectories of lower limb kinematics, i.e. Angular Velocity (AV) and Linear Acceleration (LA). Kinematics data of foot, shank and thigh (LA and AV) were collected from 13 male and 3 female participants (28 +/- 4 years old, 1.72 +/- 0.07 m in height, 66 +/- 10 kg in mass) who walked for 10 minutes at preferred walking speed (4.34 +/- 0.43 km.h(-1)) and at an imposed speed (5km.h(-1), 15.4% +/- 7.6% faster) on a 0% gradient treadmill. The sliding window technique was adopted for training and testing the LSTM models with total kinematics time-series data of 10,500 strides. Results based on leave-one-out cross validation, suggested that the LSTM autoencoders is the top predictor of the lower limb kinematics trajectories (i.e. up to 0.1s). The normalised mean squared error was evaluated on trajectory predictions at each time-step and it obtained 2.82-5.31% for the LSTM autoencoders. The ability to predict future lower limb motions may have a wide range of applications including the design and control of bionics allowing improved human-machine interface and mitigating the risk of falls and balance loss.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about using Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) neural networks to predict gait trajectories, which can help in improving the operation of assistive devices and minimizing the risk of tripping and balance loss. However, it does not specifically focus on the use of exergames as an intervention for preventing falls in the elderly. The study involves younger participants and does not mention any exergame or randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Zaroug, A., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Lower Limb Kinematics Trajectory Prediction Using Long Short-Term Memory Neural Networks.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN BIOENGINEERING AND BIOTECHNOLOGY 8.
[Abstract] This study determined whether the kinematics of lower limb trajectories during walking could be extrapolated using long short-term memory (LSTM) neural networks. It was hypothesised that LSTM auto encoders could reliably forecast multiple time-step trajectories of the lower limb kinematics, specifically linear acceleration (LA) and angular velocity (AV). Using 3D motion capture, lower limb position-time coordinates were sampled (100 Hz) from six male participants (age 22 +/- 2 years, height 1.77 +/- 0.02 m, body mass 82 +/- 4 kg) who walked for 10 min at 5 km/h on a 0% gradient motor-driven treadmill. These data were fed into an LSTM model with a sliding window of four kinematic variables with 25 samples or time steps: LA and AV for thigh and shank. The LSTM was tested to forecast five samples (i.e., time steps) of the four kinematic input variables. To attain generalisation, the model was trained on a dataset of 2,665 strides from five participants and evaluated on a test set of 1 stride from a sixth participant. The LSTM model learned the lower limb kinematic trajectories using the training samples and tested for generalisation across participants. The forecasting horizon suggested higher model reliability in predicting earlier future trajectories. The mean absolute error (MAE) was evaluated on each variable across the single tested stride, and for the five-sample forecast, it obtained 0.047 m/s(2) thigh LA, 0.047 m/s(2) shank LA, 0.028 deg/s thigh AV and 0.024 deg/s shank AV. All predicted trajectories were highly correlated with the measured trajectories, with correlation coefficients greater than 0.98. The motion prediction model may have a wide range of applications, such as mitigating the risk of falls or balance loss and improving the human-machine interface for wearable assistive devices.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on using long short-term memory (LSTM) neural networks to predict lower limb kinematics trajectories during walking. While the abstract mentions potential applications in mitigating the risk of falls, the study itself does not involve an exergame intervention, nor does it target older people. The participants in the study are young males, and the methodology does not include a randomized controlled trial. Therefore, the paper does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zeigelboim, B. S., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Balance rehabilitation with a virtual reality protocol for patients with hereditary spastic paraplegia: Protocol for a clinical trial.
[Journal]  PLOS ONE 16(4).
[Abstract] BackgroundNeurodegenerative diseases are sporadic hereditary conditions characterized by progressive dysfunction of the nervous system. Among the symptoms, vestibulopathy is one of the causes of discomfort and a decrease in quality of life. Hereditary spastic paraplegia is a heterogeneous group of hereditary degenerative diseases involving the disorder of a single gene and is characterized by the progressive retrograde degeneration of fibers in the spinal cord.ObjectiveTo determine the benefits of vestibular rehabilitation involving virtual reality by comparing pre intervention and post intervention assessments in individuals with hereditary spastic paraplegia.MethodsIn this randomized controlled clinical trial from the Rebec platform RBR-3jmx67 in which allocation concealment was performed and the evaluators be blinded will be included. The participants will include 40 patients diagnosed with hereditary spastic paraplegia. The interventions will include vestibular rehabilitation with virtual reality using the Wii(R) console, Wii-Remote and Wii Balance Board (Nintendo), and the studies will include pre- and post intervention assessments. Group I will include twenty volunteers who performed balance games. Group II will include twenty volunteers who performed balance games and muscle strength games. The games lasted from 30 minutes to an hour, and the sessions were performed twice a week for 10 weeks (total: 20 sessions).ResultsThis study provides a definitive assessment of the effectiveness of a virtual reality vestibular rehabilitation program in halting the progression of hereditary spastic paraplegia, and this treatment can be personalized and affordable.ConclusionThe study will determine whether a vestibular rehabilitation program with the Nintendo Wii(R) involving virtual reality can reduce the progressive effect of hereditary spastic paraplegia and serve as an alternative treatment option that is accessible and inexpensive.Rebec platform trial: RBR-3JMX67.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of a virtual reality vestibular rehabilitation program for patients with hereditary spastic paraplegia, not specifically for preventing falls in the elderly. While the intervention involves exergames and is a randomized controlled trial, the target population is individuals with hereditary spastic paraplegia, which does not necessarily include older people. The primary objective is to determine the benefits of the intervention on this specific condition, rather than fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Zendle, D., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    No evidence that Chinese playtime mandates reduced heavy gaming in one segment of the video games industry.
[Journal]  NATURE HUMAN BEHAVIOUR 7(10): 1753-+.
[Abstract] Governments around the world are considering regulatory measures to reduce young people's time spent on digital devices, particularly video games. This raises the question of whether proposed regulatory measures would be effective. Since the early 2000s, the Chinese government has been enacting regulations to directly restrict young people's playtime. In November 2019, it limited players aged under 18 to 1.5 hours of daily playtime and 3 hours on public holidays. Using telemetry data on over seven billion hours of playtime provided by a stakeholder from the video games industry, we found no credible evidence for overall reduction in the prevalence of heavy playtime following the implementation of regulations: individual accounts became 1.14 times more likely to play heavily in any given week (95% confidence interval 1.139-1.141). This falls below our preregistered smallest effect size of interest (2.0) and thus is not interpreted as a practically meaningful increase. Results remain robust across a variety of sensitivity analyses, including an analysis of more recent (2021) adjustments to playtime regulation. This casts doubt on the effectiveness of such state-controlled playtime mandates.The authors show that video game playtime restriction policies in China had no discernible influence on time spent gaming.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on the effectiveness of playtime mandates in reducing heavy gaming among young people in China, and it does not meet any of the specified criteria for the intervention, target population, or study design related to exergames and fall prevention in older adults.

[Author]   Zeng, N., et al. (2017). 
[Title]    A systematic review of active video games on rehabilitative outcomes among older patients.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF SPORT AND HEALTH SCIENCE 6(1): 33-43.
[Abstract] Background: Although current research supports the use of active video games (AVGs) in rehabilitation, the evidence has yet to be systematically reviewed or synthesized. The current project systematically reviewed literature, summarized findings, and evaluated the effectiveness of AVGs as a therapeutic tool in improving physical, psychological, and cognitive rehabilitative outcomes among older adults with chronic diseases.Methods: Seven databases (Academic Search Complete, Communication & Mass Media Complete, ERIC, PsycINFO, PubMed, SPORTDiscus, and Medline) were searched for studies that evaluated the effectiveness of AVG-based rehabilitation among older patients. The initial search yielded 946 articles; after evaluating against inclusion criteria and removing duplicates, 19 studies of AVG-based rehabilitation remained.Results: Most studies were quasi-experimental in design, with physical functioning the primary outcome investigated with regard to the use of AVGs in rehabilitation. Overall, 9 studies found significant improvements for all study outcomes, whereas 9 studies were mixed, with significant improvements on several study outcomes but no effects observed on other outcomes after AVG-based treatments. One study failed to find any benefits of AVG-based rehabilitation.Conclusion: Findings indicate AVGs have potential in rehabilitation for older patients, with several randomized clinical trials reporting positive effects on rehabilitative outcomes. However, existing evidence is insufficient to support the advantages of AVGs over standard therapy. Given the limited number of studies and concerns with study design quality, more research is warranted to make more definitive conclusions regarding the ability of AVGs to improve rehabilitative outcomes in older patients. (C) 2017 Production and hosting by Elsevier B. V. on behalf of Shanghai University of Sport. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, which means it does not present original data from randomized controlled trials. Instead, it synthesizes the results of multiple studies. According to the criteria provided, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zhang, C., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Effect of Exergame Intervention on Balance Ability of Adolescents: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 12(3): 249-258.
[Abstract] Objective: Balance is a strong indicator of physical development of adolescents, and there is a trend of employing exergame for balance training. However, the effectiveness of exergame specifically designed for balance training on adolescents' balance abilities in various postures remains unclear.Materials and Methods: In this study, an exergame for balance training was developed with Kinect and a randomized controlled trial was conducted to assess its effect on balance ability development. Thirty-two healthy adolescents (age: 11.44 +/- 0.51) were recruited to participate in an 8-week trial and randomly allocated to an exergame group (N = 16) or control group (N = 16).Results: The static balance test in the eagle stance posture and the dynamic balance test using the Y-Balance Test were both conducted before and after the intervention. From the results of Mann-Whitney U test, the intervention group presented greater improvement during the eagle stance test with eyes closed than the control group with P = 0.009 and P = 0.03 in left and right leg, respectively. The intervention group also showed a more significant improvement in dynamic balance (P = 0.002), which was reflected by the higher increase of composite scores. Furthermore, the balance ability when standing with nondominant leg or eyes closed, both presented higher improvements than standing with dominant leg or eyes opened, respectively. Moreover, 75% participants reported high interest and 87.5% participants expressed high engagement with exergame (score >= 4) using 5-score scale questionnaire.Conclusion: The proposed exergame for balance training could potentially promote balance training and serve as an educational tool for healthy adolescents to enhance their balance abilities.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of exergames to improve balance in adolescents, not in older people. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zhang, C., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Analysis of the Evolvement of Livelihood Patterns of Farm Households Relocated for Poverty Alleviation Programs in Ethnic Minority Areas of China.
[Journal]  AGRICULTURE-BASEL 14(1).
[Abstract] Exploring the evolution of livelihood patterns of farm households relocated for poverty alleviation in three prefectures of Guizhou Province, China, can provide a theoretical basis and practical value for achieving sustainable livelihoods of relocated farm households in ethnic minority areas. This study took three ethnic minority autonomous prefectures in Guizhou as the research area. The types and evolution pathways of farm households' livelihood patterns were divided using 355 tracking and monitoring data from the four phases of relocated farm households' livelihoods. The evolution characteristics of farm households' livelihood patterns and changes in their evolution pathways from "before relocation" to 2021 were analyzed. An indicator system of influencing factors was established based on the sustainable livelihood framework. The influencing factors of the evolution path selection and transformation of livelihood patterns were identified using the binary and multiple logistic regression models. The main results are as follows: (1) Implementing the poverty alleviation relocation project shifted the livelihood activities of farm households from agricultural production to non-agricultural industries. The transformation trend of livelihood patterns shifted from agro-dominated, agricultural, agricultural-diversified and balanced types to highly diversified, deeply diversified and subsidy-dependent types. (2) The transformation mode of the evolution pathways of farm households' livelihood patterns mainly included the stable transformation modes of "active -> retention -> active" and "active -> retention -> retention" and the fluctuating transformation modes of "active -> retention -> fallback", "active -> fallback -> active" and "retention -> fallback -> active". (3) Natural capital promoted farm households to choose fallback pathways, while material and human capital showed an inhibitory impact. In contrary to human capital, social capital promoted farm households to choose retention pathways. Financial and human capital promoted farm households to choose active pathways. (4) Per capita income, the household head age and relocation years positively affected the evolution pathways of the livelihood pattern from the fallback type to the retention type. The number of means of transport, per capita education level, transportation and communication cost, and the presence of civil servants in the household positively affected the evolution pathways of the livelihood pattern from the fallback type to the active type. Policy suggestions are as follows: Expanding local and nearby employment channels, strengthening vocational skills training for farm households, expanding financial access for farm households, improving policy support for ethnic characteristic industries, implementing bottom-line guarantee policies and exploring ethnic interactive activities for resettlement farm households.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the evolution of livelihood patterns of farm households relocated for poverty alleviation programs in ethnic minority areas of China. It does not meet any of the criteria specified for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zhang, H., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Deep learning-based automated high-accuracy location and identification of fresh vertebral compression fractures from spinal radiographs: a multicenter cohort study.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN BIOENGINEERING AND BIOTECHNOLOGY 12.
[Abstract] Background Digital radiography (DR) is a common and widely available examination. However, spinal DR cannot detect bone marrow edema, therefore, determining vertebral compression fractures (VCFs), especially fresh VCFs, remains challenging for clinicians.Methods We trained, validated, and externally tested the deep residual network (DRN) model that automated the detection and identification of fresh VCFs from spinal DR images. A total of 1,747 participants from five institutions were enrolled in this study and divided into the training cohort, validation cohort and external test cohorts (YHDH and BMUH cohorts). We evaluated the performance of DRN model based on the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC), feature attention maps, sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy. We compared it with five other deep learning models and validated and tested the model internally and externally and explored whether it remains highly accurate for an external test cohort. In addition, the influence of old VCFs on the performance of the DRN model was assessed.Results The AUC was 0.99, 0.89, and 0.88 in the validation, YHDH, and BMUH cohorts, respectively, for the DRN model for detecting and discriminating fresh VCFs. The accuracies were 81.45% and 72.90%, sensitivities were 84.75% and 91.43%, and specificities were 80.25% and 63.89% in the YHDH and BMUH cohorts, respectively. The DRN model generated correct activation on the fresh VCFs and accurate peak responses on the area of the target vertebral body parts and demonstrated better feature representation learning and classification performance. The AUC was 0.90 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.84-0.95) and 0.84 (95% CI 0.72-0.93) in the non-old VCFs and old VCFs groups, respectively, in the YHDH cohort (p = 0.067). The AUC was 0.89 (95% CI 0.84-0.94) and 0.85 (95% CI 0.72-0.95) in the non-old VCFs and old VCFs groups, respectively, in the BMUH cohort (p = 0.051).Conclusion In present study, we developed the DRN model for automated diagnosis and identification of fresh VCFs from spinal DR images. The DRN model can provide interpretable attention maps to support the excellent prediction results, which is the key that most clinicians care about when using the model to assist decision-making.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the development and validation of a deep learning model (DRN) for the automated detection and identification of fresh vertebral compression fractures from spinal radiographs. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the paper is a diagnostic tool, not an exergame, and it does not target fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Zhang, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Exploring deep learning radiomics for classifying osteoporotic vertebral fractures in X-ray images.
[Journal]  FRONTIERS IN ENDOCRINOLOGY 15.
[Abstract] Purpose To develop and validate a deep learning radiomics (DLR) model that uses X-ray images to predict the classification of osteoporotic vertebral fractures (OVFs). Material and methods The study encompassed a cohort of 942 patients, involving examinations of 1076 vertebrae through X-ray, CT, and MRI across three distinct hospitals. The OVFs were categorized as class 0, 1, or 2 based on the Assessment System of Thoracolumbar Osteoporotic Fracture. The dataset was divided randomly into four distinct subsets: a training set comprising 712 samples, an internal validation set with 178 samples, an external validation set containing 111 samples, and a prospective validation set consisting of 75 samples. The ResNet-50 architectural model was used to implement deep transfer learning (DTL), undergoing -pre-training separately on the RadImageNet and ImageNet datasets. Features from DTL and radiomics were extracted and integrated using X-ray images. The optimal fusion feature model was identified through least absolute shrinkage and selection operator logistic regression. Evaluation of the predictive capabilities for OVFs classification involved eight machine learning models, assessed through receiver operating characteristic curves employing the "One-vs-Rest" strategy. The Delong test was applied to compare the predictive performance of the superior RadImageNet model against the ImageNet model. Results Following pre-training separately on RadImageNet and ImageNet datasets, feature selection and fusion yielded 17 and 12 fusion features, respectively. Logistic regression emerged as the optimal machine learning algorithm for both DLR models. Across the training set, internal validation set, external validation set, and prospective validation set, the macro-average Area Under the Curve (AUC) based on the RadImageNet dataset surpassed those based on the ImageNet dataset, with statistically significant differences observed (P<0.05). Utilizing the binary "One-vs-Rest" strategy, the model based on the RadImageNet dataset demonstrated superior efficacy in predicting Class 0, achieving an AUC of 0.969 and accuracy of 0.863. Predicting Class 1 yielded an AUC of 0.945 and accuracy of 0.875, while for Class 2, the AUC and accuracy were 0.809 and 0.692, respectively. Conclusion The DLR model, based on the RadImageNet dataset, outperformed the ImageNet model in predicting the classification of OVFs, with generalizability confirmed in the prospective validation set.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about developing and validating a deep learning radiomics model for classifying osteoporotic vertebral fractures in X-ray images. It does not involve the use of exergames or any intervention targeting older people to prevent falls. The study focuses on machine learning and image analysis, which does not meet the criteria for the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zhang, M. (2024). 
[Title]    Significance of prothrombin, activated partial thromboplastin, and thrombin times in early rehabilitation after tibial fracture surgery.
[Journal]  AMERICAN JOURNAL OF TRANSLATIONAL RESEARCH 16(9): 4894-4902.
[Abstract] Objective: To assess the role of prothrombin time (PT), activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT), and thrombin time (TT) in guiding early rehabilitation following tibial fracture surgery. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted on 168 patients treated for tibial fractures from May 2020 to May 2022. Patients were divided into good and poor rehabilitation groups based on treatment outcomes. Data on age, gender, BMI, Schatzker classification, operation time, blood loss, PT, APTT, and TT were collected for univariate analysis. ROC curve analysis determined optimal cut-off values, followed by multivariable logistic regression to identify independent risk factors. A nomogram prediction model was then constructed. Results: Independent risk factors for early recovery included age >= 45 years, Schatzker type III, operation time >= 99.5 minutes, APTT >= 28.5 seconds, and TT >= 13.5 seconds. The nomogram model demonstrated high prediction accuracy with a C-index of 0.980. Conclusion: Prolonged APTT, extended TT, longer operation time, and higher Schatzker classification were identified as independent risk factors influencing early recovery post-surgery. A logistic regression-based prediction model was developed, facilitating the design of personalized rehabilitation training programs to improve patient outcomes.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on the role of prothrombin time (PT), activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT), and thrombin time (TT) in guiding early rehabilitation following tibial fracture surgery. It does not involve any exergames or target fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Zhang, M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    SplitAVG: A Heterogeneity-Aware Federated Deep Learning Method for Medical Imaging.
[Journal]  IEEE JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATICS 26(9): 4635-4644.
[Abstract] Federated learning is an emerging research paradigm for enabling collaboratively training deep learning models without sharing patient data. However, the data from different institutions are usually heterogeneous across institutions, which may reduce the performance of models trained using federated learning. In this study, we propose a novel heterogeneity-aware federated learning method, SplitAVG, to overcome the performance drops from data heterogeneity in federated learning. Unlike previous federated methods that require complex heuristic training or hyper parameter tuning, our SplitAVG leverages the simple network split and feature map concatenation strategies to encourage the federated model training an unbiased estimator of the target data distribution. We compare SplitAVG with seven state-of-the-art federated learning methods, using centrally hosted training data as the baseline on a suite of both synthetic and real-world federated datasets. We find that the performance of models trained using all the comparison federated learning methods degraded significantly with the increasing degrees of data heterogeneity. In contrast, SplitAVG method achieves comparable results to the baseline method under all heterogeneous settings, that it achieves 96.2% of the accuracy and 110.4% of the mean absolute error obtained by the baseline in a diabetic retinopathy binary classification dataset and a bone age prediction dataset, respectively, on highly heterogeneous data partitions. We conclude that SplitAVG method can effectively overcome the performance drops from variability in data distributions across institutions. Experimental results also show that SplitAVG can be adapted to different base convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and generalized to various types of medical imaging tasks. The code is publicly available at https://github.com/zm17943/SplitAVG.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a federated learning method for medical imaging and does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention described in the paper is a novel federated learning method, and the target population and outcomes are related to medical imaging tasks, not older people or fall prevention.

[Author]   Zhang, R., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Enhancing multi-scenario applicability of freeway variable speed limit control strategies using continual learning.
[Journal]  ACCIDENT ANALYSIS AND PREVENTION 204.
[Abstract] Variable speed limit (VSL) control benefits freeway operations through dynamic speed limit adjustment strategies for specific operation scenarios, such as traffic jams, secondary crash prevention, etc. To develop optimal strategies, deep reinforcement learning (DRL) has been employed to map the traffic operation status to speed limits with the corresponding control effects. Then, VSL control strategies were obtained based upon memories of these complex mapping relationships. However, under multi -scenario conditions, DRL trained VSL faces the challenge of performance decay, where the control strategy effects drop sharply for early trained " old scenarios " . This so-called scenario forgetting problem is attributed to the fact that DRL would forget the learned old scenario mapping memories after new scenario trainings. To tackle this issue, a continual learning approach has been introduced in this study to enhance the multi -scenario applicability of VSL control strategies. Specifically, a gradient projection memory (GPM) based neural network parameter updating method was proposed to keep the mapping memories of old scenarios during new scenario trainings by imposing constraints on the direction of gradient updates for new tasks. The proposed method was evaluated using three typical freeway operation scenarios developed in the simulation platform SUMO. Experimental results showed that the continual learning approach has substantially reduced the performance decay in old scenarios by 17.76% (valued using backward transfer metrics). Furthermore, the multi -scenario VSL control strategies successfully reduced the speed standard deviation and average travel time by 28.77% and 7.25% respectively. Moreover, the generalization of the proposed continual learning based VSL approach were evaluated and discussed.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about enhancing the multi-scenario applicability of freeway variable speed limit (VSL) control strategies using continual learning. It does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are related to traffic management, and the methods involve deep reinforcement learning and continual learning, which are unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Zhang, S., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Effect of microstructure on the mechanical properties of ultrafine-grained Cu-Al-Ni alloys processed by deformation and annealing.
[Journal]  JOURNAL OF ALLOYS AND COMPOUNDS 923.
[Abstract] In this research, ultrafine-grained Cu-7at%Al-3at%Ni alloys with a twin structure and precipitates were prepared by cold rolling+aging+cold rolling+aging (CR+ACA) and multi-directional forging+aging+cold rolling+aging (MDF+ACA). In contrast with un-deformation sample, significant increases in strength were obtained by MDF+ACA and CR+ACA, reaching 803.7 MPa and 722.8 MPa respectively, while maintaining a good elongation of 9.5 % and 8.4 %. Compared with CR+ACA, this is noted that a synergistic improvment in strength and elongation is achieved after MDF+ACA. The effect of microstructure on strength and elongation was investigated and the contribution of each strengthening mechanism for strength was analysed. The results show that the enhancement in strength is due to the increased dislocation density as well as de-creasing grain size formed in the MDF+ACA process. The higher twinning fraction in the sample after MDF +ACA leads to an increase in elongation due to the ability of twins to storage dislocations which can increase the strain hardening capability of the alloy. In addition, the current work describes a refinement mechanism for obtaining ultra-fine grains using these two different deformation processes by phase-field crystal (PFC) method simulation. The results of this study will help in further preparation of copper alloys with synergistic improvement strength and elongation. (c) 2022 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the mechanical properties of ultrafine-grained Cu-Al-Ni alloys and does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zhang, X., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    Femoral image segmentation based on two-stage convolutional network using 3D-DMFNet and 3D-ResUnet.
[Journal]  COMPUTER METHODS AND PROGRAMS IN BIOMEDICINE 226.
[Abstract] Objective: The femur is a typical human long bone with an irregular spatial structure. Femoral fractures are the most common occurrence in middle-aged and older adults. The structure of human bone tissue is very complex, and there are significant differences between individuals. Segmenting bone tissue is a challenging task and of great practical significance.Methods: Our research is based on segmenting and the three-dimensional reconstruction of femoral im-ages using X-ray imaging. The currently commonly used two-dimensional fully convolutional network Unet has the problem of ignoring spatial position information and losing too much feature information. The commonly used three-dimensional fully convolutional network 3D Unet has the problem of ignoring spatial position information and losing too much feature information. For the problem of many model parameters, we proposes a two-stage network segmentation model composed of 3D-DMFNet and 3D-ResUnet networks and trains the network in stages to segment the femur. One stage is used to detect the coarse segmentation of the femur range, and one stage is used for the fine segmentation of the femur so that the training speed is fast and the segmentation accuracy is moderate, which is suitable for detecting the femur range.Results: The experimental dataset used in this paper is from The Second Affiliated Hospital of Fujian Med-ical University, which consists of 30 sets of femur X-ray images. The experiment compares the accuracy and loss value of Unet and the two-stage convolutional network. The image shows that the two-stage convolutional network has higher accuracy. At the same time, this paper shows the effect of the two -stage coarse segmentation and fine segmentation of medical images. Subsequently, this paper applies the model to practice and obtains the model's Dice, Sensitivity, Specificity and Pixel Accuracy values. Af-ter comparative analysis, the experimental results show that the two-stage network segmentation model composed of 3D-DMFNet and 3D-ResUnet network designed in this paper has higher accuracy, intuitive-ness, and more application value than traditional image segmentation algorithms.Conclusion: With the continuous application of X-ray images in clinical diagnosis using femoral images, the method in this paper is expected to become a diagnostic tool that can effectively im prove the accu-racy and loss of femoral image segmentation and the three-dimensional reconstruction.(c) 2022 Published by Elsevier B.V.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a method for segmenting and reconstructing femoral images using a two-stage convolutional network. It does not mention any exergames or interventions aimed at preventing falls in the elderly. The focus is on improving the accuracy of medical image segmentation, which is unrelated to the use of exergames for fall prevention.

[Author]   Zhang, Z., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    A nomogram model for predicting the risk of axillary lymph node metastasis in patients with early breast cancer and cN0 status.
[Journal]  ONCOLOGY LETTERS 28(2).
[Abstract] Axillary staging is commonly performed via sentinel lymph node biopsy for patients with early breast cancer (EBC) presenting with clinically negative axillary lymph nodes (cN0). The present study aimed to investigate the association between axillary lymph node metastasis (ALNM), clinicopathological characteristics of tumors and results from axillary ultrasound (US) scanning. Moreover, a nomogram model was developed to predict the risk for ALNM based on relevant factors. Data from 998 patients who met the inclusion criteria were retrospectively reviewed. These patients were then randomly divided into a training and validation group in a 7:3 ratio. In the training group, receiver operating characteristic curve analysis was used to identify the cutoff values for continuous measurement data. R software was used to identify independent ALNM risk variables in the training group using univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis. The selected independent risk factors were incorporated into a nomogram. The model differentiation was assessed using the area under the curve (AUC), while calibration was evaluated through calibration charts and the Hosmer-Lemeshow test. To assess clinical applicability, a decision curve analysis (DCA) was conducted. Internal verification was performed via 1000 rounds of bootstrap resampling. Among the 998 patients with EBC, 228 (22.84%) developed ALNM. Multivariate logistic analysis identified lymphovascular invasion, axillary US findings, maximum diameter and molecular subtype as independent risk factors for ALNM. The Akaike Information Criterion served as the basis for both nomogram development and model selection. Robust differentiation was shown by the AUC values of 0.855 (95% CI, 0.817-0.892) and 0.793 (95% CI, 0.725-0.857) for the training and validation groups, respectively. The Hosmer-Lemeshow test yielded P-values of 0.869 and 0.847 for the training and validation groups, respectively, and the calibration chart aligned closely with the ideal curve, affirming excellent calibration. DCA showed that the net benefit from the nomogram significantly outweighed both the 'no intervention' and the 'full intervention' approaches, falling within the threshold probability interval of 12-97% for the training group and 17-82% for the validation group. This underscores the robust clinical utility of the model. A nomogram model was successfully constructed and validated to predict the risk of ALNM in patients with EBC and cN0 status. The model demonstrated favorable differentiation, calibration and clinical applicability, offering valuable guidance for assessing axillary lymph node status in this population.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study focuses on developing a nomogram model to predict the risk of axillary lymph node metastasis in patients with early breast cancer. It does not meet any of the criteria for the use of exergames or fall prevention in older people.

[Author]   Zhao, H., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Control of Fuel Cell Temperature Based on Classified Replay Twin Delayed Bayesian Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient.
[Journal]  Transactions of China Electrotechnical Society 39(13): 4240-4256.
[Abstract] Proton exchange membrane fuel cells (PEMFCs) have the characteristics of difficulty to model accurately and strong nonlinearity; in addition, the radiator and circulating water pump in the hydrothermal management system of the fuel cell system have the characteristics of strong coupling, which makes it difficult for the model-based control algorithms to achieve accurate control of the fuel cell temperature, this paper proposes a data-driven model-free algorithm based on the on classified replay twin delayed Bayesian deep deterministic policy gradient(CTDB-DDPG) to achieve the control of the fuel cell temperature system. Firstly, the use of deep deterministic policy gradient is proposed to solve the problem of intricate modeling of fuel cells. Then, the classification experience playback strategy is added to the algorithm, and the CTDB-DDPG algorithm uses two experience buffer pools to store the experience data. When constructing the network model, the average TD error of all samples in these two experience buffer pools is initialized to 0. Whenever new experience data is generated, the average TD errors of all experience data are first updated. If its TD error exceeds the mean value, it is stored in the empirical buffer pool I. Otherwise, it is stored in the empirical buffer pool II. Classifying each experience sample's TD error helps better use the empirical data to train the network model. CTDB-DDPG considers the neural network's uncertainty by incorporating a Bayesian neural network into the algorithm, and the proposed Bootstrap with random initialization leads to a reasonable uncertainty estimation. At the beginning of each round or fixed interval during the learning process, unbiased hypotheses are obtained from the posterior distributions of the MDP parameters and estimated using a multi-head shared network Bootstrap value function, which does not require additional computational resources. Moreover, using Q-learning preserves the uncertainty of the cumulative discount, which is more effective for environments requiring deep exploration. Randomly selecting the head network and simulating Thompson sampling can effectively avoid ineffective boosting of intelligence in the noise strategy, accelerating the convergence of the CTDB-DDPG algorithm. In addition, the fuel cell thermal management system has a large inertia; the algorithm in this paper adds OU noise to the action to improve the exploration efficiency.OU noise is a temporary correlation noise extracted from the Ornstein-Uhlenbeck process, which helps the algorithm to better explore different strategies by generating temporal correlation noise. This exploration process can help the algorithm to find possible better strategies, thus improving the performance and efficiency of the algorithm. Although the addition of noise can cause the algorithm's performance to deteriorate in the short term, in the long term, the addition of noise can help the algorithm to avoid falling into a local optimum. It may help to find a better strategy. Finally, the algorithm's validity is verified on the simulation platform Simulink as well as the experimental platform RT-Lab, and similar conclusions are obtained, verifying the algorithm's effectiveness. However, although our CTDB-DDPG temperature control strategy has been validated on simulation and hardware-in-the-loop test platforms, more complex real-world working conditions, such as ambient temperature and humidity variations and equipment aging, will be considered in future studies to test and improve the adaptability and robustness of our algorithm in the broader range of more complex situations.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about controlling the temperature of proton exchange membrane fuel cells using a data-driven, model-free algorithm. It does not target older people, does not involve exergames, and is not related to preventing falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zhao, J., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Reliability assessment of dented pipelines transporting hydrogen by artificial neural network.
[Journal]  IET Conference Proceedings 2024(12): 1622-1629.
[Abstract] The transportation of hydrogen energy through existing aged pipelines is a global concern, yet research on reliability assessment is limited. This work utilizes theoretical analysis, finite element (FE) simulation and an Artificial Neural Network (ANN) model to establish an assessment framework for the reliability of X52 dented pipelines transporting gaseous hydrogen. The degradation of the fracture toughness related to the hydrogen concentration was considered as the failure pattern of the pipeline. Denting and hydrogen diffusion processes were simulated using FE method. With the increasing indentation displacement, the simulation results indicated that the maximum hydrogen concentration shifted circumferentially away from the dent center of the pipelines. Using FE data from this study and the literature, an optimizable ANN model was trained through hyperparameter optimization. This led to the establishment of a reliability assessment framework for dented pipelines degraded by hydrogen, through the determinations of failure probabilities.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the reliability assessment of dented pipelines transporting hydrogen and does not meet any of the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zhao, J., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    RF-Motion: A Device-Free RF-Based Human Motion Recognition System.
[Journal]  WIRELESS COMMUNICATIONS & MOBILE COMPUTING 2021.
[Abstract] In recent years, human motion recognition, as an important application of the intelligent perception of the Internet of Things, has received extensive attention. Many applications benefit from motion recognition, such as motion monitoring, elderly fall detection, and somatosensory games. Several existing RF-based motion recognition systems are susceptible to multipath effects in complex environments, resulting in lower recognition accuracy and difficulty in extending to other scenarios. To address this challenge, we propose RF-Motion, a device-free commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) RFID-based human motion recognition system that can detect human motion in complex multipath environments such as indoor environments. And when the environment changes, RF-Motion still has high recognition accuracy, even without retraining. In addition, we use data slicing to solve the problem of discontinuity in the time domain of RFID communication and then use the synthetic aperture (SAR) algorithm to obtain the fingerprint feature matrix corresponding to each motion. Finally, the dynamic time warping (DTW) algorithm is used to match the prior motion fingerprint database to complete the motion recognition. Experiments show that RF-Motion can achieve up to 90% accuracy for human motion recognition in an indoor environment, and when the environment changes, it can still reach a minimum accuracy of 87%.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a device-free RF-based human motion recognition system, which is not an exergame. While the system can be used for elderly fall detection, it does not meet the criteria of being an exergame (e.g., virtual reality, video games, electronic games, cognitive training, etc.). Additionally, the paper focuses on the technical aspects and performance of the system rather than a randomized controlled trial involving older people.

[Author]   Zhao, Q., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Texture formation under control of S phase characteristic and tensile property of hot-rolling 2A12 aluminum alloy improved by Brass texture.
[Journal]  MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING A-STRUCTURAL MATERIALS PROPERTIES MICROSTRUCTURE AND PROCESSING 899.
[Abstract] In this paper, 2A12-T3 aluminum alloy is first solution-treated and then experienced an artificial aging for different time to induce different S phase characteristics. By using this method, the texture formation behavior solely contributed from S phase characteristic could be determined during hot rolling. It is found that the increase of S phase in size and density has a positive effect on Brass texture formation, which is attributive to the increased Dislocation Shear Slipping (DSS) near S/Al interface. The relative slip tendency factor (Msx) is proposed to quantitatively evaluate the impact of S phase characteristic on Brass formation. It is revealed that Brass volume fraction (VBrass) has a better positively linear relationship with Msx than texture intensity. Then, the effect of Brass texture on tensile property is analyzed in details. Crystal plasticity simulation shows that Brass texture can improve the yield stress and tensile strength and simultaneously keep the elongation. Comparatively, the rolling sheet aged for 3 h obtains an excellent combination of strength and ductility.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the texture formation and tensile properties of a 2A12 aluminum alloy during hot rolling, which is unrelated to exergames or fall prevention in the elderly.

[Author]   Zhaoqing, P., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Low Complexity H.265/HEVC Coding Unit Size Decision for a Videoconferencing System.
[Journal]  Cybernetics and Information Technologies 15(6): 159-167.
[Abstract] With the development of Internet and video capture techniques, videoconferencing becomes still more popular. However, with the increased size of the video resolution, the volume of the raw videoconferencing video data increases dramatically. The H.265/HEVC video compression standard can efficiently compresses the videoconferencing video, while the high compression rate is at the cost of heavy encoding complexity. Hence, reducing the complexity is vital to be used for the H.265/HEVC encoder in videoconferencing systems. In this paper we proposed a low complexity H.265/HEVC coding unit size decision algorithm for a videoconferencing system, by considering the coding content property of the coding unit, in which the coding unit size decision process is terminated if the prediction residuals of the coding unit are all transformed and quantized to zeroes. The experimental results show that the proposed algorithm achieves 62.79% on average in encoding time saving, while the rate distortion degradation is acceptable.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about a low complexity H.265/HEVC coding unit size decision algorithm for videoconferencing systems, and it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets, the type of intervention, and the study design do not align with the specified criteria.

[Author]   Zheng, L., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Effect of exergames on physical outcomes in frail elderly: a systematic review.
[Journal]  AGING CLINICAL AND EXPERIMENTAL RESEARCH 32(11): 2187-2200.
[Abstract] Aim: The aim of this systematic review was to understand the exergames that can be applied to the pre-frail and frail elderly people, to evaluate whether these games have a positive impact on physical outcomes in pre-frail and frail older adults, and to explore user s subjective feelings and compliance.Methods: PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL, Web of Science, and the Cochrane Library were searched until January 15, 2019. Only randomized controlled trials published in English for human beings were eligible. The review included studies which examined the effects of exergames on physical outcomes, feasibility and/or subjective feelings of pre-frail and frail older adults. Two researchers assessed the risk bias of all articles independently using the Cochrane collaboration's tool for assessing risk of bias.Results: Seven randomized controlled trials with 243 pre-frail and frail older adults met inclusion criteria and were included in this review. Results of the studies were heterogeneous. Physical outcomes (included muscle strength, balance ability, mobility function, gait and falls), subjective feeling outcomes, feasibility, attendance and some other functional outcomes were reported.Conclusion: Exergames improved balance and mobility function of frail elderly, and it showed a tendency to increase muscle strength when combined with resistance training. As far as the limited evidence was concerned, exergames were feasible and generally accepted by participants.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is a systematic review, and according to the criteria, papers related to meta-analysis, review, and feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, this paper does not meet the specified criteria.

[Author]   Zheng, L., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    Fall Detection Algorithm Based on Inertial Sensor and Hierarchical Decision.
[Journal]  SENSORS 23(1).
[Abstract] With the aging of the human body and the reduction in its physiological capacities, falls have become a huge threat to individuals' physical and mental health, leading to serious bodily damage to the elderly and financial pressure on their families. As a result, it is vital to design a fall detection algorithm that monitors the state of human activity. This work designs a human fall detection algorithm based on hierarchical decision making. First, this work proposes a dimensionality reduction approach based on feature importance analysis (FIA), which optimizes the feature space via feature importance. This procedure reduces the dimension of features greatly and reduces the time spent by the model in the training phase. Second, this work proposes a hierarchical decision-making algorithm with an XGBoost model. The algorithm is divided into three levels. The first level uses the threshold approach to make a preliminary assessment of the data and only transfers the fall type data to the next level. The second level is an XGBoost-based classification algorithm to analyze again the type of data which remained from the first level. The third level employs a comparison method to determine the direction of the falling. Finally, the fall detection algorithm proposed in this paper has an accuracy of 98.19%, a sensitivity of 97.50%, and a specificity of 98.63%. The classification accuracy of the fall direction reaches 93.44%, and the algorithm can efficiently determine the fall direction.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper focuses on the development and evaluation of a fall detection algorithm using inertial sensors and a hierarchical decision-making approach. It does not describe an intervention that uses exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study is about detecting falls, not preventing them, and it does not involve any exergame or similar intervention.

[Author]   Zherdev, D., et al. (2021). 
[Title]    Producing Synthetic Dataset for Human Fall Detection in AR/VR Environments.
[Journal]  APPLIED SCIENCES-BASEL 11(24).
[Abstract] Human poses and the behaviour estimation for different activities in (virtual reality/augmented reality) VR/AR could have numerous beneficial applications. Human fall monitoring is especially important for elderly people and for non-typical activities with VR/AR applications. There are a lot of different approaches to improving the fidelity of fall monitoring systems through the use of novel sensors and deep learning architectures; however, there is still a lack of detail and diverse datasets for training deep learning fall detectors using monocular images. The issues with synthetic data generation based on digital human simulation were implemented and examined using the Unreal Engine. The proposed pipeline provides automatic "playback" of various scenarios for digital human behaviour simulation, and the result of a proposed modular pipeline for synthetic data generation of digital human interaction with the 3D environments is demonstrated in this paper. We used the generated synthetic data to train the Mask R-CNN-based segmentation of the falling person interaction area. It is shown that, by training the model with simulation data, it is possible to recognize a falling person with an accuracy of 97.6% and classify the type of person's interaction impact. The proposed approach also allows for covering a variety of scenarios that can have a positive effect at a deep learning training stage in other human action estimation tasks in an VR/AR environment.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is focused on the production of a synthetic dataset for improving human fall detection in AR/VR environments. While it mentions the importance of fall monitoring for elderly people, the primary focus is on the technical aspects of generating synthetic data and training deep learning models. The paper does not describe an intervention using exergames to prevent falls in the elderly, nor does it report results from randomized controlled trials. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

[Author]   Zhou, Y., et al. (2019). 
[Title]    A System of Shared Autonomous Vehicles Combined with Park-And-Ride in Residential Areas.
[Journal]  SUSTAINABILITY 11(11).
[Abstract] As suburbanization and unprecedented population aging are converging, enhanced personal mobility for suburban residents is required. In this study, a collaborative scheme involving park-and-ride services associated with public transport and a shared autonomous vehicle system are proposed. Two residential areas in the Nagoya metropolitan region, Japan, are considered: a residential area at the outer edge of a subway line and a commuter town with a nearby railway station. Three user groups are assumed: park-and-ride commuters who park shared autonomous vehicles at the station and take the train to their workplaces; inbound commuters who disembark from trains at the station and use the vehicles to reach their workplaces within the target area; and elderly and disabled residents, who use shared autonomous vehicles for trips within the target area. The system performance is investigated through agent-based simulation. The results suggest that, in the edge case, approximately 400 shared autonomous vehicles can facilitate more than 10,000 trips at an appropriate level of service. For the commuter town, fewer than 400 vehicles can provide rapid responses with a wait time of approximately 5 min for more than 5000 trips per day. Thus, the proposed system can feasibly provide a quick response service.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on a system of shared autonomous vehicles combined with park-and-ride services in residential areas, and it does not meet the criteria for an intervention using exergames.

[Author]   Zigart, T., et al. (2023). 
[Title]    From lab to industry: lessons learned from the evaluation of augmented and virtual reality use cases in the Austrian manufacturing industry.
[Journal]  PRODUCTION AND MANUFACTURING RESEARCH-AN OPEN ACCESS JOURNAL 11(1).
[Abstract] For evaluation of industrial augmented and virtual reality (AR/VR) applications, a comprehensive knowledge of their impact on productivity, process metrics, and human factors is critical to facilitate the transition from lab-scale research to industrial settings. While laboratory-scale evaluations have been extensively researched, successful implementation in industrial settings has fallen short. This paper presents a multi-criteria evaluation model using a mixed methods approach to study thirteen industrial use cases of AR/VR applications in manufacturing over two years. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with companies about the impact of the application. A human factors questionnaire was completed by 69 participants, including in-house users, industry experts, and inexperienced novices. The results of the use cases show an average reduction of 23.61% in process and 25% in cycle time. Process quality indicators improved significantly compared to baseline. The evaluation found no significant differences in workload and ease of use between age groups.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The focus of the paper is on the evaluation of augmented and virtual reality (AR/VR) applications in the manufacturing industry, specifically their impact on productivity, process metrics, and human factors. The intervention targets are workers in the manufacturing industry, and the study does not involve exergames or fall prevention in older people. Additionally, the paper does not report results from randomized controlled trials.

[Author]   Zimel, M. N., et al. (2015). 
[Title]    Carbon fiber intramedullary nails reduce artifact in postoperative advanced imaging.
[Journal]  SKELETAL RADIOLOGY 44(9): 1317-1325.
[Abstract] This study assessed whether radiolucent carbon fiber reinforced-polyetheretherketone (CFR-PEEK) intramedullary nails decreased hardware artifact on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and computed tomography (CT) in vitro and in an oncologic patient population.In vitro and clinical evaluations were done. A qualitative assessment of metal artifact was performed using CFR-PEEK and titanium nail MRI phantoms. Eight patients with a femoral or tibial prophylactic CFR-PEEK nail were retrospectively identified. All patients had postoperative surveillance imaging by MRI, CT, and were followed for a median 20 months (range, 12-28 months). CFR-PEEK images were compared to images from a comparative group of patients with titanium femoral intramedullary nails who had a postoperative MRI or CT. A musculoskeletal-trained radiologist graded visualization of the cortex, corticomedullary junction, and bone-muscle interface, on T1-weighted (T1W), STIR, and contrast-enhanced T1-weighted fat-saturated (T1W FS) sequences of both groups with a five-point scale, performing independent reviews 4 months apart. Statistical analysis used the Wilcoxon rank-sum test and a weighted kappa.Substantially less MRI signal loss occurred in the CFR-PEEK phantom than in the titanium phantom simulation, particularly as the angle increased with respect to direction of the static magnetic field. CFR-PEEK nails had less MRI artifact than titanium nails on scored T1W, STIR, and contrast-enhanced T1W FS MRI sequences (p a parts per thousand currency signaEuro parts per thousand 0.03). The mean weighted kappa was 0.64, showing excellent intraobserver reliability between readings.CFR-PEEK intramedullary nail fixation is a superior alternative to minimize implant artifact on MRI or CT imaging for patients requiring long bone fixation.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the use of carbon fiber reinforced-polyetheretherketone (CFR-PEEK) intramedullary nails to reduce artifact in postoperative advanced imaging, such as MRI and CT. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention targets are patients requiring long bone fixation, and the study involves imaging techniques rather than exergames or fall prevention.

[Author]   Zong, W. and J. Zhang (2019). 
[Title]    Use of smartphone applications and its impacts on urban life: A survey and random forest analysis in Japan.
[Journal]  SUSTAINABLE CITIES AND SOCIETY 49.
[Abstract] This study investigates how various smartphone applications are used, and how that use leads to changes in various aspects of urban life. Different types of applications and the scope of their impacts on urban life are captured based on a life-oriented approach. Data were collected via an online survey of 1000 residents living in different cities of Japan in December 2017. It was found that 75.1% of respondents owned a smartphone and used 3.5 applications on average. Among the users of smartphone application(s), 45.4% experienced at least one life change. Applying a random forest approach, this study examined the relative influence of application usage on urban life as compared to built-environment, individual, and household attributes, as well as interdependencies across life changes, by building 37 forests with 37000 trees. It was revealed that applications of "game", "photo, video", "utility, tool, efficiency", "shopping", "healthcare, sports, beauty", "touring", "education", "book, comic", and "navigation, and map" induce changes in work, study, daily trip making, talks between family members, time use, sleeping, expenditure, physical exercise, and shopping in a complicated manner, even though the built environment attributes are the most important predictors to the life changes as a whole.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is not about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The study investigates the broader impact of various smartphone applications on urban life, including changes in work, study, daily trip making, and other aspects. It does not specifically target older people, nor does it focus on exergames or fall prevention. Additionally, the study is based on a survey and random forest analysis, not a randomized controlled trial.

[Author]   Zopfs, D., et al. (2020). 
[Title]    Phantomless assessment of volumetric bone mineral density using virtual non-contrast images from spectral detector computed tomography.
[Journal]  BRITISH JOURNAL OF RADIOLOGY 93(1109).
[Abstract] Objective: To evaluate phantomless assessment of volumetric bone mineral density (vBMD) based on virtual non-contrast images of arterial (VNCa) and venous phase (VNCv) derived from spectral detector CT in comparison to true non-contrast (TNC) images and adjusted venous phase conventional images (CIV(adjusted)).Methods: 104 consecutive patients who underwent triphasic spectral detector CT between January 2018 and April 2019 were retrospectively included. TNC, VNCa, VNCv and venous phase images (CIV) were reconstructed. vBMD was obtained by two radiologists using an FDA/CE-cleared software. Average vBMD of the first three lumbar vertebrae was determined in each reconstruction; vBMD of CIV was adjusted for contrast enhancement as suggested earlier.Results: vBMD values obtained from CIV(adjusted) are comparable to vBMD values derived from TNC images (91.79 +/- 36.52 vs 90.16 +/- 41.71 mg/cm(3), p = 1.00); however, vBMD values derived from VNCa and VNCv (42.20 +/- 22.50 and 41.98 +/- 23.3 mg/cm(3) respectively) were significantly lower as compared to vBMD values from TNC and CIV(adjusted) (all p = 0.01).Conclusion: Spectral detector CT-derived virtual non-contrast images systematically underestimate vBMD and therefore should not be used without appropriate adjustments. Adjusted venous phase images provide reliable results and may be utilized for an opportunistic BMD screening in CT examinations.Advances in knowledge: Adjustments of venous phase images facilitate opportunistic assessment of vBMD, while spectral detector CT-derived VNC images systematically underestimate vBMD.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the assessment of volumetric bone mineral density using different types of CT images. It does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly. The intervention and target population do not align with the specified criteria.

[Author]   Zougar, M., et al. (2022). 
[Title]    MIRA Rehab Exergames for Older Male Residents in a Care Home Center in Saudi Arabia: Protocol for a Feasibility Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  JMIR RESEARCH PROTOCOLS 11(12): e39148-e39148.
[Abstract] BACKGROUND: Physical activity leads to improvements in morbidity, mortality, and quality of life, especially when it is progressive, challenging, and regular. There is strong evidence that strength and balance exercises decrease the risk of falling. However, traditional exercises may be tedious and not very motivating for participants. Exergames have been found to increase engagement and enjoyment for older users.OBJECTIVE: This study will conduct a feasibility randomized controlled trial (RCT) on the use of MIRA Rehab Exergames among older male residents in a care home setting in Saudi Arabia. A sample of 30 eligible participants will be recruited to meet feasibility study requirements.METHODS: We will recruit 38 residents in the care home who will be randomly allocated to either an intervention or a control group. The intervention participants will perform gamified exercises using the MIRA telerehabilitation platform (30 minutes 3 times per week for 6 weeks). The control group will receive educational advice based on booklets of the Otago exercise program and be encouraged to exercise (30 minutes 3 times per week for 6 weeks). Participants will be assessed at weeks 0, 6, and 12. Assessments will include feasibility measures (eligibility, recruitment and attrition rates, and practicalities of data collection methods) and participant outcome measures (balance, strength, mobility, adherence, quality of life, fear of falling, depression, acceptability, and usability).RESULTS: Data collection started in November 2021 and ended in March 2022. The study is currently in the data analysis stage, which commenced in May 2022. The findings from this feasibility RCT will be used to design a definitive RCT to test whether the MIRA Rehab Exergame program benefits older people in Saudi Arabia who may not like participating in traditional exercise programs and may be unwilling or unable to leave their homes.CONCLUSIONS: This study will contribute to our understanding of how to recruit in this specific population and provide information to inform the design of a future RCT.INTERNATIONAL REGISTERED REPORT IDENTIFIER (IRRID): DERR1-10.2196/39148.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper describes a protocol for a feasibility randomized controlled trial, which means it is focused on the feasibility of conducting such a study rather than reporting the results of an intervention. According to the criteria provided, papers related to feasibility analysis without original data should not be included. Therefore, the answer is "NO."

[Author]   Zwijgers, E., et al. (2024). 
[Title]    Efficacy of Walking Adaptability Training on Walking Capacity in Ambulatory People With Motor Incomplete Spinal Cord Injury: A Multicenter Pragmatic Randomized Controlled Trial.
[Journal]  NEUROREHABILITATION AND NEURAL REPAIR 38(6): 413-424.
[Abstract] Background and Objective Balance and walking capacity are often impaired in people with motor incomplete spinal cord injury (iSCI), frequently resulting in reduced functional ambulation and participation. This study aimed to assess the efficacy of walking adaptability training compared to similarly dosed conventional locomotor and strength training for improving walking capacity, functional ambulation, balance confidence, and participation in ambulatory people with iSCI.Methods We conducted a 2-center, parallel-group, pragmatic randomized controlled trial. Forty-one people with iSCI were randomized to 6 weeks of (i) walking adaptability training (11 hours of Gait Real-time Analysis Interactive Lab (GRAIL) training-a treadmill in a virtual reality environment) or (ii) conventional locomotor and strength training (11 hours of treadmill training and lower-body strength exercises). The primary measure of walking capacity was maximal walking speed, measured with an overground 2-minute walk test. Secondary outcome measures included the Spinal Cord Injury Functional Ambulation Profile (SCI-FAP), the Activities-specific Balance Confidence (ABC) scale, and the Utrecht Scale for Evaluation of Rehabilitation-Participation (USER-P).Results No significant difference in maximal walking speed between the walking adaptability (n = 17) and conventional locomotor and strength (n = 18) training groups was found 6 weeks after training at follow-up (-0.05 m/s; 95% CI = -0.12-0.03). In addition, no significant group differences in secondary outcomes were found. However, independent of intervention, significant improvements over time were found for maximal walking speed, SCI-FAP, ABC, and USER-P restrictions scores. Conclusions. Our findings suggest that walking adaptability training may not be superior to conventional locomotor and strength training for improving walking capacity, functional ambulation, balance confidence, or participation in ambulatory people with iSCI.Trial Registration Dutch Trial Register; Effect of GRAIL training in iSCI.
[Answer]   NO
[Response] NO. The paper is about the efficacy of walking adaptability training using a virtual reality environment (GRAIL) compared to conventional locomotor and strength training for improving walking capacity, functional ambulation, balance confidence, and participation in people with motor incomplete spinal cord injury. The intervention targets people with spinal cord injuries, not older people, and the focus is on walking capacity and related outcomes rather than fall prevention. Therefore, it does not meet the criteria for being about the use of exergames to prevent falls in the elderly.

