Acuña, S. A., et al. (2019). "The effects of cognitive load and optical flow on antagonist leg muscle coactivation during walking for young and older adults." Journal of Electromyography and Kinesiology 44: 8-14.
	The purpose of this study was to compare how healthy aging interacts with environments that challenge cognitive load and optical flow to affect antagonist leg muscle coactivation during walking. We measured leg muscle activity in sixteen older adults (70.4 ± 4.2 years) and twelve young adults (23.6 ± 3.9 years) walking on a treadmill at their preferred speed while watching a speed-matched virtual hallway. Cognitive load was challenged using a dual-task to interfere with available attentional resources. Optical flow was challenged using perturbations designed to create a perception of lateral imbalance. We found antagonist coactivation increased with aging, independent of condition. We also found that, compared to unperturbed walking, only in the presence of optical flow perturbations did the older adults increase their antagonist coactivation. Antagonist coactivation in the young adults was not affected by either condition. Our findings provide evidence that antagonist leg muscle coactivation in healthy older adults is more sensitive to walking environments that challenge optical flow than environments that challenge cognitive load. As increased antagonist coactivation may indicate compromised balance, these findings may be relevant in the design of living environments to reduce falls risk. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd

Adcock, M., et al. (2019). "A Pilot Study of an In-Home Multicomponent Exergame Training for Older Adults: Feasibility, Usability and Pre-Post Evaluation." FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 11.
	Aging is associated with sensory, motor and cognitive impairments that may lead to reduced daily life functioning including gait disturbances, falls, injuries and mobility restrictions. A strong need exists for implementing effective evidence-based interventions for healthy aging. Therefore, the aim of this study was to (i) evaluate the feasibility and usability of an in-home multicomponent exergame training and (ii) explore its effects on physical functions, cognition and cortical activity. Twenty-one healthy and independently living older adults were included (11 female, 74.4 ± 7.0 years, range: 65–92 years) and performed 24 trainings sessions (each 40 min) over eight weeks. The first part was conducted in a living lab (home-like laboratory environment), the second part at participants’ home. The multicomponent exergame included Tai Chi-inspired exercises, dance movements and step-based cognitive games to train strength, balance and cognition. Attendance and attrition rates were calculated and safety during training was evaluated to determine feasibility. Participants rated the usability of the exergame (System Usability Scale) and reported on their game experience (Game Experience Questionnaire). Physical and cognitive functions and cortical activity (resting state electroencephalopathy) were assessed pre and post intervention. Results showed a high training attendance rate for the living lab and the home-based setting (91.7 and 91.0%, respectively) with a rather high attrition rate (28.6%, six drop-outs). Half of the drop-out reasons were related to personal or health issues. System usability was rated acceptable with a mean score of 70.6/100. Affective game experience was rated favorable. Significant improvements were found for minimal toe clearance, short-term attentional span, and information processing speed (p < 0.05). No significant pre-post differences were found for cortical activity. To summarize, the exergame is generally feasible and usable for healthy older adults applied in an in-home setting and provides an overall positive emotional game experience. Nevertheless, flawless technical functionality should be a mandatory consideration. Additionally, the training might have potential positive influence on specific functions in older adults. However, the efficacy has to be evaluated in a future randomized controlled trial assessing the behavioral and neuroplastic changes in a larger population after a longer training period. © Copyright © 2019 Adcock, Thalmann, Schättin, Gennaro and de Bruin.

Agharazi, H., et al. (2023). "Physiological measures and anatomical correlates of subthalamic deep brain stimulation effect on gait in Parkinson's disease." JOURNAL OF THE NEUROLOGICAL SCIENCES 449.
	We examined whether conflicting visual and non-visual information leads to gait abnormalities and how the subthalamic deep brain stimulation (STN DBS) influences gait dysfunction in Parkinson's disease (PD). We used a motion capture system to measure the kinematics of the lower limbs during treadmill walking in immersive virtual reality. The visual information provided in the virtual reality paradigm was modulated to create a mismatch between the optic-flow velocity of the visual scene and the walking speed on the treadmill. In each mismatched condition, we calculated the step duration, step length, step phase, step height, and asymmetries. The key finding of our study was that mismatch between treadmill walking speed and the optic-flow velocity did not consistently alter gait parameters in PD. We also found that STN DBS improved the PD gait pattern by changing the stride length and step height. The effects on phase and left/right asymmetry were not statistically significant. The DBS parameters and location also determined its effects on gait. Statistical effects on stride length and step height were noted when the DBS volume of activated tissue (VTA) was in the dorsal aspect of the subthalamus. The statistically significant effects of STN DBS was present when VTA significantly overlapped with MR tractogrphically measured motor and pre-motor hyperdirect pathways. In summary, our results provide novel insight into ways for controlling walking behavior in PD using STN DBS. © 2023 Elsevier B.V.

Ahmad, Z., et al. (2023). "Comparison of a single session of tDCS on cerebellum vs. motor cortex in stroke patients: a randomized sham-controlled trial." ANNALS OF MEDICINE 55(2).
	Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine whether a single session of trans-cranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the cerebellum and M1 has any advantages over one another or sham stimulation in terms of balance, gait and lower limb function. Methods: A total of 66 patients who had experienced their first ever stroke were recruited into three groups for this double-blinded, parallel, randomized, sham-controlled trial: cerebellar stimulation group (CbSG), M1 stimulation group (MSG) and sham stimulation group (SSG). A single session of anodal tDCS with an intensity of 2 mA for a duration of 20 min was administered in addition to gait and balance training based on virtual reality using an Xbox 360 with Kinect. Balance, gait, cognition and risk of fall were assessed using outcome measures before intervention (T0), immediately after intervention (T1) and an hour after intervention (T2). Results: Across group analysis of all outcome measures showed statistically non-significant results (p > .05) except for Six Minute Walk Test (p value T0 = .003, p value T1 = .025, p value T2 = .016). The training effect difference showed a significant difference in balance, gait and cognition, as well as cerebral and cerebellar stimulation, in comparison to sham stimulation (p < .05). The risk of falls remained unaffected by any stimulation (p > .05). Conclusions: In addition to Xbox Kinect-based rehabilitation training, a single session of anodal tDCS to the M1 or cerebellum may be beneficial for improving lower limb function, balance and gait performance. © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.

Albergo, J. I., et al. (2021). "Computer-assisted surgery (CAS) in orthopedic oncology. Which were the indications, problems and results in our first consecutive 203 patients?: Computer-Assisted Surgery (CAS) in Orthopedic Oncology." European Journal of Surgical Oncology 47(2): 424-428.
	Aims: to review a group of patients with primary bone tumors treated with intraoperative navigation and analyze: (1) The technical problems; (2) Indications for Computer Assisted Surgery (CAS); (3) Oncological results; (4) Non oncological complications. Materials and methods: All patients from a single institution who had preoperative virtual planned for an oncological primary bone resection assisted with navigation between May 2010 and July 2017 were enrolled in the study (203 patients). The use of computer-assisted surgery (CAS) was classified according to the oncologic procedure performed: (1) intralesional resections, (2) en-block resections, and (3) en-block resections + navigated allograft reconstructions. Results: Four patients (4/203, 2%) of the series presented technical problems which came from 2 software and 2 hardware crashes. Eight (4%) procedures were intralesional resections and no local recurrences or complications were reported in this group. Ninety-eight surgeries (49%) were pure en block resection. The pelvis and sacrum were the main location in this group (57%). All bone margins were defined negative but 2 patients presented a positive resection in the soft tissues. Infection was the most prevalent complication (16/23). Ninety-three procedures were done for en block resections + allograft reconstruction (all extremities tumor). All margins were free of tumor and non oncological rate for this group was 28%. Conclusion: The main indications for CAS were malignant bone tumors resection. The technical failures precluded navigation use in 2%. CAS for pure en-block resections were mainly indicated in pelvic and sacrum tumors while en-block resection + allograft reconstruction assisted with navigation were only indicated in extremities tumors. Level of evidence: IV. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd, BASO ~ The Association for Cancer Surgery, and the European Society of Surgical Oncology

Albiol-Pérez, S., et al. (2017). "The effect of balance training on postural control in patients with parkinson’s disease using a virtual rehabilitation system." METHODS OF INFORMATION IN MEDICINE 56(2): 138-144.
	Objectives: Parkinson’s disease (PD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder characterized by motor clinical alterations among others. Postural problems have serious consequences for patients, not only limiting their daily life but also increasing some risks, like the risk of fall. Inadequate postural control and postural instability is a major problem in PD patients. A Virtual Motor Rehabilitation System (VMR) has been tested in patients with PD in the intervention period. Our pur- pose was to analyze the evolution of the spatial postural control during the intervention period, to see if there are any changes caused precisely by this intervention. Methods: Ten people with PD carried out 15 virtual rehabilitation sessions. We tested a groundbreaking system based on Virtual Motor Rehabilitation in two periods of time (baseline evaluation and final evaluation). In the training sessions, the participants performed a customizable treatment using a low-cost system, the Active Balance Rehabilitation system (ABAR). We stored the pressure performed by the participants every five hundredths of a second, and we analyzed the patients’ pressure when they maintained their body on the left, on the right, and in the center in sitting position. Our system was able to measure postural control in every patient in each of the virtual rehabilitation sessions. Results: There are no significant differences in the performance of postural control in any of the positions evaluated throughout the sessions. Moreover, the results show a trend to an improvement in all positions. This improvement is especially remarkable in the left/right positions, which are the most important positions in order to avoid problems such as the risk of fall. With regard to the suitability of the ABAR system, we have found outstanding results in enjoyment, success, clarity, and helpfulness. Conclusions: Although PD is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder, the results demonstrate that patients with PD maintain or even improve their postural control in all positions. We think that the main factor influencing these results is that patients use more of their available cognitive processing to improve their postural control. The ABAR system allows us to make this assumption because the system requires the continuous attention of patients, promoting cognitive processing. © Schattauer 2017.

Alemrany, A. M., et al. (2021). "Effect of virtual reality training on risk of falls and quality of life among elderly." Fizjoterapia Polska 21(5): 138-143.
	Purpose. One of the fall risk factors associated with aging is the deterioration of postural stability. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of Virtual Reality Training (VRT) on the risk of falls, and quality of life among elderly. Methods. Thirty-five community-dwelling elderly aged 65 to70 years from both genders were included in the study. Participant were randomly assigned into two groups; VRT group: included 30 participants and were provided with VRT sessions using Xbox 360 Kinect. Each session was determined to be for 30 minutes; 5 days weekly throughout the program period which was 6 weeks (30 sessions in total). The Control group: included 10 participants, they were advised to follow conventional balance exercises. The dynamic postural stability was assessed using the overall stability index (OSI) of Biodex and the Functional reach test (FRT) before and immediately after the program for all the participants. And 36-items short form (SF-36) Questionnaire was employed to evaluate the general health quality of life. Results. The overall balance showed statistically significant improvements after VRT. Results revealed significant improvement of OSI and FRT (p < 0.05) after VRT. Also, the results demonstrated significant improvements in levels of general health quality of life after the VRT compared with those of the Control group (p < 0.05). Conclusion. VRT improves overall postural stability and general health quality of life and can help reduce the risk of falls in healthy older adults. © 2021, DJ Studio. All rights reserved.

Azim, M. E., et al. (2023). "Fall risk screening and balance rehabilitation in elderly: a missing healthcare intervention in Pakistani healthcare system." JOURNAL OF THE PAKISTAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION 73(3): 715-717.
	Elderly are one of the fastest-growing population globally and require significant healthcare services due to age-related deterioration in physiological systems. Poor postural control due to aging results in impaired balance leading to increase in frequency of falls, poor quality of life, and rise in disability and mortality rates. In Pakistan, due to lack of awareness, and resources, fall prevention and screening programmes for the elderly are lacking. Regular fall risk screening utilizing balance assessment tools, integration of fall prevention programmes and balance rehabilitation approach as part of elderly healthcare services can serve as tools to lower the incidence of falls in the elderly population of Pakistan. Moreover, integration of latest technology as part of balance rehabilitation can also be considered. The review aims to highlight appropriate strategies for fall risk screening and balance rehabilitation in an effort to promote an important healthcare intervention for elderly in Pakistan. © 2023 Pakistan Medical Association. All rights reserved.

Bao, H., et al. (2024). "Single or Multiplayer Mode? Examining the Effects of Exergames in Improving Physical Health and Well-Being Among Older Adults." GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL.
	Objective: This study assesses the impact of single-player and multiplayer exergaming modes on improving exercise intentions, reduction of fear of falling, and emotional well-being among older adults, primarily from low socioeconomic status (SES) backgrounds—a group often underrepresented in exergame research. Method: We engaged 48 participants, primarily from low-SES communities in Singapore for a 4-week community-based exergaming intervention. Participants were divided into four groups as follows: (1) conventional exercise alone, (2) exergames alone, (3) exergames with a health coach, and (4) exergames with a peer. Using two-way repeated-measures ANOVA, we analyzed the effects of these interventions. Results: The findings revealed that all exergaming modes positively influenced exercise intentions, fear of falling, and emotional well-being to varying extents. Notably, exergaming with a health coach significantly improved participants’ exercise intentions and emotional well-being, underscoring the value of expert guidance in motivating and supporting older adults in adopting healthier lifestyles. Exergaming with a peer was most effective in reducing fear of falling, highlighting the importance of social support and peer interaction in addressing physical health concerns among this population. Conclusion: This study emphasizes the potential of tailored exergame interventions incorporating various social interactions to improve health outcomes for older adults, contributing to more inclusive health promotion strategies. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.

Benitez-Lugo, M. L., et al. (2022). "Effectiveness of feedback-based technology on physical and cognitive abilities in the elderly." FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 14.
	Aging raises a social and health challenge because the passing of time causes changes in cognitive and physical functions that impair functionality and quality of life. In addition, advancements in technology and information technology have led to the development of new techniques for retraining based on the feedback technology provides. To solve the negative consequences of aging, a randomized clinical trial was carried out to assess the effectiveness of a protocol using feedback-based technology to improve physical and cognitive functions in older adults. For the purpose of this study, 200 patients were selected from a Social and Community Services Center in the province of Seville and only 46 of them became participants of the study (after applying the inclusion criteria). These patients were divided into two groups: control and experimental. Physical and cognitive abilities were assessed using the Miniexamen cognoscitivo Test (an adaptation of the MiniMental examination test), Yesevage’s Depression Scale, Oddball Test, Attention Network Test, Berg Scale, Tinetti Scale, and Timed Up and Go Test. The intervention applied to the experimental group consisted of a supervised protocol using the Nintendo® Wii video game console and the Wii-Fit© video game during 16 sessions, 2 times a week with a duration of 30 min per session. The control group did not receive any treatment. The experimental group showed statistically significant improvements in all the physical variables (balance, gait, autonomy, and fall risk), as other authors had proven, and in memory and reaction times; there were no improvements in attention networks. The control group (placebo) even showed a decrease in their functions, with worse results on the Timed up and Go test Scale. The intervention using feedback-based technology has been proven effective in improving physical and cognitive abilities and in preventing and promoting healthy aging. Copyright © 2022 Benitez-Lugo, Suárez-Serrano, Galvao-Carmona, Vazquez-Marrufo and Chamorro-Moriana.

Bettger, J. P., et al. (2020). "Effects of Virtual Exercise Rehabilitation In-Home Therapy Compared with Traditional Care after Total Knee Arthroplasty: VERITAS, a Randomized Controlled Trial." Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery 102(2): 101-109.
	Background:Financial burden for patients, providers, and payers can reduce access to physical therapy (PT) after total knee arthroplasty (TKA). The purpose of the present study was to examine the effect of a virtual PT program on health-care costs and clinical outcomes as compared with traditional care after TKA.Methods:At least 10 days before unilateral TKA, patients from 4 clinical sites were enrolled and randomized 1:1 to the virtual PT program (involving an avatar [digitally simulated] coach, in-home 3-dimensional biometrics, and telerehabilitation with remote clinician oversight by a physical therapist) or to traditional PT care in the home or outpatient clinic. The primary outcome was total health-care costs for the 12-week post-hospital period. Secondary (noninferiority) outcomes included 6 and 12-week Knee injury and Osteoarthritis Outcome Score (KOOS); 6-week knee extension, knee flexion, and gait speed; and 12-week safety measures (patient-reported falls, pain, and hospital readmissions). All outcomes were analyzed on a modified intent-to-treat basis.Results:Of 306 patients (mean age, 65 years; 62.5% women) who were randomized from November 2016 to November 2017, 290 had TKA and 287 (including 143 in the virtual PT group and 144 in the usual care group) completed the trial. Virtual PT had lower costs at 12 weeks after discharge than usual care (median, $1,050 compared with $2,805; p < 0.001). Mean costs were $2,745 lower for virtual PT patients. Virtual PT patients had fewer rehospitalizations than the usual care group (12 compared with 30; p = 0.007). Virtual PT was noninferior to usual PT in terms of the KOOS at 6 weeks (difference, 0.77; 90% confidence interval [CI], -1.68 to 3.23) and 12 weeks (difference, -2.33; 90% CI, -4.98 to 0.31). Virtual PT was also noninferior to usual care at 6 weeks in terms of knee extension, knee flexion, and gait speed and at 12 weeks in terms of pain and hospital readmissions. Falls were reported by 19.4% of virtual PT patients and 14.6% of usual care patients (difference, 4.83%; 90% CI, -2.60 to 12.25).Conclusions:Relative to traditional home or clinic PT, virtual PT with telerehabilitation for skilled clinical oversight significantly lowered 3-month health-care costs after TKA while providing similar effectiveness. These findings have important implications for patients, health systems, and payers. Virtual PT with clinical oversight should be considered for patients managed with TKA.Level of Evidence:Therapeutic Level I. See Instructions for Authors for a complete description of levels of evidence. © 2020 BY THE JOURNAL OF BONE AND JOINT SURGERY, INCORPORATED.

Bjelková, K. and J. Horák (2022). "Finding a suitable coat: The ecology of the invasive deer ked (Lipoptena cervi (Linnaeus, 1758); Diptera: Hippoboscidae), an ectoparasite of large mammals in the Czech Republic." MEDICAL AND VETERINARY ENTOMOLOGY 36(4): 480-485.
	Some parasitic diseases of wild animals are transmissible to humans and cause health problems. A widespread ectoparasite of vertebrates is the deer ked, Lipoptena cervi ((L.); Diptera: Hippoboscidae). We studied the interaction of this parasite with habitat-related, host-related, and temporal factors in the Czech Republic. We analysed observations of its abundance in hunted wild animals in the context of their environment. Our results confirmed that cervids are a preferred host species. Most of the other relationships between ked abundance and the studied factors were probably due to the olfactory preferences of keds. Males and older individuals of the game host species were more attractive to the parasites for this reason. The higher abundance of keds at the beginning of the hunting season can be explained by their phenology. The deer ked can significantly affect the management of game species. We conclude that its preference for older male cervids is important for the future conditions of game animals. The population densities of deer keds in areas with high parasitization rates could thus be influenced by active game management. © 2022 Royal Entomological Society.

Bouchard, A. E., et al. (2015). "Comparison of haptic guidance and error amplification robotic trainings for the learning of a timing-based motor task by healthy seniors." Frontiers in Systems Neuroscience 9(MAR).
	With age, a decline in the temporal aspect of movement is observed such as a longer movement execution time and a decreased timing accuracy. Robotic training can represent an interesting approach to help improve movement timing among the elderly. Two types of robotic training—haptic guidance (HG; demonstrating the correct movement for a better movement planning and improved execution of movement) and error amplification (EA; exaggerating movement errors to have a more rapid and complete learning) have been positively used in young healthy subjects to boost timing accuracy. For healthy seniors, only HG training has been used so far where significant and positive timing gains have been obtained. The goal of the study was to evaluate and compare the impact of both HG and EA robotic trainings on the improvement of seniors’ movement timing. Thirty-two healthy seniors (mean age 68 ± 4 years) learned to play a pinball-like game by triggering a one-degree-of-freedom hand robot at the proper time to make a flipper move and direct a falling ball toward a randomly positioned target. During HG and EA robotic trainings, the subjects’ timing errors were decreased and increased, respectively, based on the subjects’ timing errors in initiating a movement. Results showed that only HG training benefited learning, but the improvement did not generalize to untrained targets. Also, age had no influence on the efficacy of HG robotic training, meaning that the oldest subjects did not benefit more from HG training than the younger senior subjects. Using HG to teach the correct timing of movement seems to be a good strategy to improve motor learning for the elderly as for younger people. However, more studies are needed to assess the long-term impact of HG robotic training on improvement in movement timing. © 2015, Bouchard, Corriveau and Milot

Castellini, G., et al. (2019). "Diagnostic test accuracy of an automated device as a screening tool for fall risk assessment in community-residing elderly: A STARD compliant study." Medicine (United States) 98(39).
	We aimed to determine the accuracy and failure of OAK device, an automated screening, for the assessment of fall risk in a prospective cohort of healthy adults aged over 65 years. The algorithm for fall risk assessment of the centers for disease control and prevention (CDC) was used as reference standard. Of the 183 individuals recruited, the CDC algorithm classified 80 as being at moderate/high risk and 103 at low risk of falling. OAK device failure incidence was 4.9% (confidence interval [CI] upper limit 7.7%), below the preset threshold for futility-early termination of the study (i.e., not above 15%). The OAK device showed a sensitivity of 84% and a specificity of 67% (receiver operating characteristic [ROC] area 82%; 95% confidence interval [CI] 76-88%), not reaching the preplanned target sensitivity (not lower than 85%). Diagnostic accuracy was not far from the sensitivity levels similar to those obtained with other fall risk assessment. However, some limitations can be considered.ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02655796. © 2019 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.

Cellini, R., et al. (2022). "Effect of Immersive Virtual Reality by a Computer Assisted Rehabilitation Environment (CAREN) in Juvenile Huntington’s Disease: A Case Report." Medicina (Lithuania) 58(7).
	Various studies have proven the utility of immersive virtual reality (VR) as a complementary approach to conventional neurorehabilitation therapy for improving neuromuscular and cognitive outcomes in several neurological diseases. We hereby report findings from a single-case experience of a 21-year-old woman affected by juvenile Huntington’s disease (HD) who underwent a targeted rehabilitative approach using an advanced Computer Assisted Rehabilitation Environment (CAREN) with a three sessions/week schedule for six months. At the end of the program, a manifested improvement was noticed in the Falls Efficacy Scale International score, in the Tinetti Scale, in the Berg Balance score and in the lower limb strength (MRC scale). Minor although tangible improvements were also noticed in some physical performance tests (10 m walking test, time up and go test). Findings reported, although preliminary, extend for the first time the usefulness of neurorehabilitation using innovative VR technologies also to juvenile HD, a condition for which common rehabilitation strategies bring only marginal physical benefits in the majority of cases. Future, controlled studies are awaited for generalizing these observations to larger populations and for clarifying whether such benefits may persist also in the long-term. © 2022 by the authors.

Chang, C. J., et al. (2016). "Cortical modulation of motor control biofeedback among the elderly with high fall risk during a posture perturbation task with augmented reality." FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 8(APR).
	The cerebral cortex provides sensorimotor integration and coordination during motor control of daily functional activities. Power spectrum density based on electroencephalography (EEG) has been employed as an approach that allows an investigation of the spatial-temporal characteristics of neuromuscular modulation; however, the biofeedback mechanism associated with cortical activation during motor control remains unclear among elderly individuals. Thirty one community-dwelling elderly participants were divided into low fall-risk potential (LF) and high fall-risk potential (HF) groups based upon the results obtained from a receiver operating characteristic analysis of the ellipse area of the center of pressure. Electroencephalography (EEG) was performed while the participants stood on a 6-degree-of-freedom Stewart platform, which generated continuous perturbations and done either with or without the virtual reality scene. The present study showed that when there was visual stimulation and poor somatosensory coordination, a higher level of cortical response was activated in order to keep postural balance. The elderly participants in the LF group demonstrated a significant and strong correlation between postural-related cortical regions; however, the elderly individuals in the HF group did not show such a relationship. Moreover, we were able to clarify the roles of various brainwave bands functioning in motor control. Specifically, the gamma and beta bands in the parietal-occipital region facilitate the high-level cortical modulation and sensorimotor integration, whereas the theta band in the frontal-central region is responsible for mediating error detection during perceptual motor tasks. Finally, the alpha band is associated with processing visual challenges in the occipital lobe.With a variety of motor control demands, increment in brainwave band coordination is required to maintain postural stability. These investigations shed light on the cortical modulation of motor control among elderly participants with varying fall-risk potentials. The results suggest that, although elderly adults may be without neurological deficits, inefficient central modulation during challenging postural conditions could be an internal factor that contributes to the risk of fall. Furthermore, training that helps to improve coordinated sensorimotor integration may be a useful approach to reduce the risk of fall among elderly populations or when patients suffer from neurological deficits. © 2016 Chang, Yang, Yang and Chern.

Chang, H. W. and G. H. Wu (2024). "Feasibility and effect of cognitive-based board game and multi-component exercise interventions on older adults with dementia." Medicine (United States) 103(26): e38640.
	Background: Taiwan is an aging society, and the number of people with dementia is rapidly increasing. Due to a decline in cognitive and physical function, older adults with dementia not only gradually lose the ability to complete daily living tasks on their own, but are also at a higher risk of falls and injurious falls. It is important to develop interventions that combine cognitive and exercise training for older adults with dementia to promote or maintain their cognitive and physical functions and reduce their risk of falls. This study aimed to investigate the feasibility and effect of cognitive-based board games and multi-component exercise interventions on cognitive function, physical fitness, and fall risk in older adults with dementia. Methods: This was a quasi-experimental study with a single-group pretest and post-test design. The study participants were 41 community-dwelling older adults with mild to moderate dementia. They received cognitive-based board games and multi-component exercise interventions once a week for 12 weeks. The interventions included 1 hour of exercise training and 1 hour of cognitive training. Scores for the Taiwan version of the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA-T), physical fitness, and the St. Thomas Risk Assessment Tool for Falling Elderly Inpatients (STRATIFY) were measured as outcome indicators at baseline and after the 12-week period. Results: The overall MoCA-T score increased significantly (effect size=0.402), with participants with mild dementia showing a greater increase (effect size=0.522) than those with moderate dementia (effect size=0.310). Participants' physical fitness performance improved. Female participants exhibited significant improvements in the 30-second chair stand test (effect size=0.483) and 8-foot up-and-go test (effect size=0.437). The fall risk score decreased by 0.05 points, the change was not significant. Conclusion: The cognitive-based board game and multi-component exercise interventions used in this study are beneficial for improving cognitive function and physical fitness in older adults with dementia. These interventions are feasible and suitable for promotion among community-dwelling and institution-dwelling older adults with mild cognitive impairment or dementia to delay the decline in cognitive and physical function. Copyright © 2024 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.

Checcucci, E., et al. (2024). "ESRU-ESU-YAU_UROTECH Survey on Urology Residents Surgical Training: Are We Ready for Simulation and a Standardized Program?" EUROPEAN UROLOGY OPEN SCIENCE 61: 18-28.
	Background: Currently, the landscape of surgical training is undergoing rapid evolution, marked by the initial implementation of standardized surgical training programs, which are further facilitated by the emergence of new technologies. However, this proliferation is uneven across various countries and hospitals. Objective: To offer a comprehensive overview of the existing surgical training programs throughout Europe, with a specific focus on the accessibility of simulation resources and standardized surgical programs. Design, setting, and participants: A dedicated survey was designed and spread in May 2022 via the European Association of Urology (EAU) mail list, to Young Urologist Office (YUO), Junior membership, European Urology Residents Education Program participants between 2014 and 2022, and other urologists under 40 yr, and via the EAU Newsletter. Intervention: A 64-item, online-based survey in accordance with the Checklist for Reporting Results of Internet E-Surveys (CHERRIES) using the platform of Survey Monkey (Portland, OR, USA) was realized. Outcome measurements and statistical analysis: The study involved an assessment of the demographic characteristics. Additionally, it explored the type of center, availability of various surgical approaches, presence of training infrastructure, participation in courses, organization of training, and participants' satisfaction with the training program. The level of satisfaction was evaluated using a Likert-5 scale. The subsequent sections delved into surgical training within the realms of open, laparoscopic, robotic, and endoscopic surgery, each explored separately. Finally, the investigation encompassed the presence of a structured training course and the availability of a duly validated final evaluation process. Results and limitations: There were 375 responders with a completion rate of 82%. Among them, 75% were identified as male, 50.6% were young urologists, 31.7% were senior residents, and 17.6% were junior residents. A significant majority of participants (69.6%) were affiliated with academic centers. Regarding the presence of dry lab training facilities, only 50.3% of respondents indicated its availability. Among these centers, 46.7% were primarily focused on laparoscopy training. The availability of virtual and wet lab training centers was even more limited, with rates of 31.5% and 16.2%, respectively. Direct patient involvement was reported in 80.5% of cases for open surgery, 58.8% for laparoscopy, 25.0% for robotics, and 78.6% for endourology. It is worth noting that in <25% of instances, training followed a well-defined standardized program comprising both preclinical and clinical modular phases. Finally, the analysis of participant feedback showed that 49.7% of respondents expressed a satisfaction rating of either 4 or 5 points with respect to the training program. The limitations of our study include the low response rate, predominance of participants from academic centers, and absence of responses from individuals not affiliated with the EAU network. Conclusions: The current distribution of surgical training centers falls short of ensuring widespread access to standardized training programs. Although dry lab facilities are relatively well spread, the availability of wet lab resources remains restricted. Additionally, it appears that many trainees' initial exposure to surgery occurs directly with patients. There is a pressing need for continued endeavors to establish uniform training routes and assessment techniques across various surgical methodologies. Patient summary: Nowadays, the surgical training landscape is heterogeneous across different countries. The implementation of a standardized training methodology to enhance the overall quality of surgical training and thereby improving patient outcomes is needed. © 2024 The Authors

Chen, S., et al. (2020). "Evaluation of the computer-assisted virtual surgical technology in preoperative planning for distal femoral fracture." Injury 51(2): 443-451.
	Background: The application of computer-assisted virtual surgical technology in preoperative planning for distal femoral fractures has been rarely presented. This study aimed to evaluate the intra-operative realization of this technology and the clinical outcomes based on it for distal femoral fractures. Methods: Between February 2014 and May 2017, 32 patients with distal femoral fractures treated by open reduction and internal fixation were included and divided into 2 groups on the basis of preoperative planning methods: conventional (N = 17) and virtual surgical (N = 15). The time required for virtual segmentation, reduction, and fixation of the fracture fragments in virtual surgical group were analyzed. Operation time, intra-operative blood loss, times of fluoroscopy during operation and days of hospital stay in two groups were compared. Postoperative functional outcomes were assessed using the Knee Society Score (KSS), Short Form-36 (SF-36) scoring systems, and visual analogue scale (VAS) for pain. Results: Mean total planning time for 33-A, 33-B, and 33-C fractures in virtual surgical group were 43.0 ± 1.7, 23.0 ± 1.3, and 51.4 ± 3.7 min, respectively. Compared with the conventional group, Patients in virtual surgical group had lower blood loss, fewer fluoroscopic images, less operative time, and shorter days of hospital stay (P < 0.05). No significant difference could detected in the KSS, SF-36, or VAS scores between the two groups at the final follow-up (P > 0.05). Conclusions: Computer-assisted virtual surgical technology could rapidly complete surgical treatment protocol, improve operative efficiency, and provide satisfying clinical and radiographic outcomes for distal femoral fractures. © 2019

Chen, S. C., et al. (2021). "Feasibility and effect of interactive telerehabilitation on balance in individuals with chronic stroke: a pilot study." JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 18(1).
	Background: Stroke survivors need continuing exercise intervention to maintain functional status. This study assessed the feasibility and efficacy of an interactive telerehabilitation exergaming system to improve balance in individuals with chronic stroke, compared to conventional one-on-one rehabilitation. Methods: In this prospective case–control pilot study, 30 Taiwanese individuals with chronic stroke were enrolled and randomly allocated to an experimental group and a control group. All participants received intervention 3 times per week for 4 weeks in the study hospital. The experiment group underwent telerehabilitation using a Kinect camera-based interactive telerehabilitation system in an independent room to simulate home environment. In contrast, the control group received conventional one-on-one physiotherapy in a dedicated rehabilitation area. The effectiveness of interactive telerehabilitation in improving balance in stroke survivors was evaluated by comparing outcomes between the two groups. The primary outcome was Berg Balance Scale (BBS) scores. Secondary outcomes were performance of the Timed Up and Go (TUG) test, Modified Falls Efficacy Scale, Motricity Index, and Functional Ambulation Category. Results: Comparison of outcomes between experimental and control groups revealed no significant differences between groups at baseline and post-intervention for all outcome measures. However, BBS scores improved significantly in both groups (control group: p = 0.01, effect size = 0.49; experimental group: p = 0.01, effect size = 0.70). Completion times of TUG tests also improved significantly in the experimental group (p = 0.005, effect size = 0.70). Conclusion: The Kinect camera-based interactive telerehabilitation system demonstrates superior or equal efficacy compared to conventional one-on-one physiotherapy for improving balance in individuals with chronic stroke. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov. NCT03698357. Registered October 4, 2018, retrospectively registered. © 2021, The Author(s).

Chen, Y. C., et al. (2024). "Cross-frequency modulation of postural fluctuations and scalp EEG in older adults: error amplification feedback for rapid balance adjustments." GEROSCIENCE 46(6): 5599-5613.
	Virtual error amplification (VEA) in visual feedback enhances attentive control over postural stability, although the neural mechanisms are still debated. This study investigated the distinct cortical control of unsteady stance in older adults using VEA through cross-frequency modulation of postural fluctuations and scalp EEG. Thirty-seven community-dwelling older adults (68.1 ± 3.6 years) maintained an upright stance on a stabilometer while receiving either VEA or real error feedback. Along with postural fluctuation dynamics, phase–amplitude coupling (PAC) and amplitude–amplitude coupling (AAC) were analyzed for postural fluctuations under 2 Hz and EEG sub-bands (theta, alpha, and beta). The results revealed a higher mean frequency of the postural fluctuation phase (p =.005) and a greater root mean square of the postural fluctuation amplitude (p =.003) with VEA compared to the control condition. VEA also reduced PAC between the postural fluctuation phase and beta-band EEG in the left frontal (p =.009), sensorimotor (p =.002), and occipital (p =.018) areas. Conversely, VEA increased the AAC of posture fluctuation amplitude and beta-band EEG in FP2 (p =.027). Neither theta nor alpha band PAC or AAC were affected by VEA. VEA optimizes postural strategies in older adults during stabilometer stance by enhancing visuospatial attentive control of postural responses and facilitating the transition of motor states against postural perturbations through a disinhibitory process. Incorporating VEA into virtual reality technology is advocated as a valuable strategy for optimizing therapeutic interventions in postural therapy, particularly to mitigate the risk of falls among older adults. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to American Aging Association 2024.

Chien, T. Y., et al. (2022). "Effects of multitask training on cognition and motor control in people with schizophrenia spectrum disorders." PLOS ONE 17(6 June).
	Schizophrenia spectrum disorder (SSD) is a disabling mental illness that causes considerable deficits in motor and cognitive functions. The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of combining traditional multitask training (TMT) and video games-a new form of multitask training (video game multitask training VGMT)-on cognition and motor control performance in people with SSD. This was a quasi-experimental, pretest-posttest design study. A total of 25 patients participated in this study voluntarily (13 males and 12 females, average age = 59.61 years, SD– 11.46 years). All participants underwent two stages of training. The first stage involved TMT, and the second stage involved VGMT. Each training stage was 12 weeks long, with sessions twice a week that lasted for 40 minutes. Cognition, upper extremity motor and postural control performance, and functional mobility and subjective balance confidence were measured at three times: before and after the first-stage training and after the second-stage training. The results revealed that TMT and the combination of TMT and VGMT improved SSD patient’s cognition, upper extremity motor control, functional mobility and postural control performance. The subjective confidence of balance during the performance of daily activities was also mildly improved. Training with multitasks in the form of video games tended to further improve the outcome measures. Patients with SSD could benefit from regular participation in various forms of multitasking activities. Whether video games training are better than TMT in improving the functional ability of people with SSD needs further investigation. Copyright: © 2022 Chien et al.

Chong, R. K., et al. (2015). "Duration of step initiation predicts freezing in Parkinson's disease." Acta Neurologica Scandinavica 132(2): 105-110.
	Objectives: In some individuals with idiopathic Parkinson's disease (PD), freezing of gait episodes develops as the disease progresses. The neural mechanism underlying freezing in PD is poorly understood. Here, we report a 2-year follow-up on the novel discovery of prolonged step initiation duration as a potential marker of impending freezing. Methods: Non-freezing PD participants in stages 2.5-4 of the Hoehn and Yahr disease severity scale were recruited from an earlier study which determined the effect of semi-virtual cues on walking. Responders were those who completed the first step faster in the presence of the virtual cues while non-responders either did not change or took longer to complete the first step. Both groups of participants were interviewed 2 years later to determine who had developed freezing of gait. Results: Participants in the responder group had a 13-fold risk of developing freezing of gait within 2 years following the cueing study (OR = 13.3, 95% CI = 1.1-167). A cutoff score of -2.6% (i.e., a decrease in the duration of the first step with visual cues by 2.6% relative to no cues) gave a sensitivity and specificity of 100% and 89%, respectively. Conclusions: To the best of our knowledge, this is the first novel discovery of a physical predictor of freezing in PD. The time to complete the first step is a simple test to administer in the clinic or at home and may therefore be easily incorporated into a fall prevention training program for PD before the inception of freezing. © 2015 John Wiley & Sons A/S.

Chu, C. H., et al. (2021). "Exergaming platform for older adults residing in long-term care homes: User-centered design, development, and usability study." JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 9(1).
	Background: Older adults (OAs) residing in long-term care (LTC) homes are often unable to engage in adequate amounts of physical activity because of multiple comorbidities, including frailty and severe cognitive impairments. This level of physical inactivity is associated with declines in cognitive and functional abilities and can be further compounded by social isolation. Exergaming, defined as a combination of exercise and gaming, has the potential to engage OAs in exercise and encourage social interaction. However, previously used systems such as the Nintendo Wii are no longer commercially available, and the physical design of other exergames is not suitable for OAs (ie, fall risks, accessibility issues, and games geared toward a younger population) with diverse physical and cognitive impairments. Objective: This study aims to design and develop a novel, user-centered, evidence-based exergaming system for use among OAs in LTC homes. In addition, we aim to identify facilitators and barriers to the implementation of our exergaming intervention, the MouvMat, into LTC homes according to staff input. Methods: This study used a user-centered design (UCD) process that consisted of 4 rounds of usability testing. The exergame was developed and finalized based on existing evidence, end user and stakeholder input, and user testing. Semistructured interviews and standardized and validated scales were used iteratively to evaluate the acceptability, usability, and physical activity enjoyment of the MouvMat. Results: A total of 28 participants, 13 LTC residents, and 15 staff and family members participated in the UCD process for over 18 months to design and develop the novel exergaming intervention, the MouvMat. The iterative use of validated scales (System Usability Scale, 8-item Physical Activity Enjoyment Scale, and modified Treatment Evaluation Inventory) indicated an upward trend in the acceptability, usability, and enjoyment scores of MouvMat over 4 rounds of usability testing, suggesting that identified areas for refinement and improvement were appropriately addressed by the team. A qualitative analysis of semistructured interview data found that residents enjoyed engaging with the prototype and appreciated the opportunity to increase their PA. In addition, staff and stakeholders were drawn to MouvMat's ability to increase residents' autonomous PA. The intended and perceived benefits of MouvMat use, that is, improved physical and cognitive health, were the most common facilitators of its use identified by study participants. Conclusions: This study was successful in applying UCD to collaborate with LTC residents, despite the high number of physical and sensory impairments that this population experiences. By following a UCD process, an exergaming intervention that meets diverse requirements (ie, hardware design features and motivation) and considers environmental barriers and residents' physical and cognitive needs was developed. The effectiveness of MouvMat in improving physical and cognitive abilities should be explored in future multisite randomized controlled trials. © 2021 JMIR Publications Inc. All rights reserved.

Close, J. C. T. and S. R. Lord (2022). "Fall prevention in older people: Past, present and future." AGE AND AGEING 51(6).
	Over the past 50 years we have transitioned from accepting falls as an inevitable consequence of ageing to something that can and should be prevented. Numerous studies have elucidated the contributors to falls and how to assess a person's risk of falling. There are many effective approaches to preventing falls in older people including those with cognitive and physical impairments. Exercise is the most tried and tested approach with good evidence that moderate to high intensity balance training is an effective fall prevention strategy. Other successful single modality interventions include enhanced podiatry, home safety interventions, expedited cataract extraction, cardiac pacing for people with carotid sinus hypersensitivity and vitamin D supplementation in people living in care homes. Multiple interventions (everyone receives the same intervention package) and multifactorial interventions (interventions tailored to identified risk factors) are effective particularly in high-risk populations. In more recent years we have seen the emergence of new technologies such as devices and software programs that can offer low-cost interventions which may be more sustainable than our traditional time-and resource-limited approach to prevention. There is still more to be done and a translational focus is needed to ensure that effective interventions are scaled up and delivered to more people while at the same time maximising adherence and maintaining the fidelity of the interventions. © 2022 The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Geriatrics Society. All rights reserved.

Colcuc, C., et al. (2024). "Comparison of virtual reality and computed tomography in the preoperative planning of complex tibial plateau fractures." ARCHIVES OF ORTHOPAEDIC AND TRAUMA SURGERY 144(6): 2631-2639.
	Introduction: Preoperative planning is a critical step in the success of any complex surgery. The pur-pose of this study is to evaluate the advantage of VR glasses in surgical planning of complex tibial plateau fractures compared to CT planning. Materials and methods: Five orthopedic surgeons performed preoperative planning for 30 fractures using either conventional CT slices or VR visualization with a VR headset. Planning was performed in a randomized order with a 3-month interval between planning sessions. A standardized questionnaire assessed planned operative time, planning time, fracture classification and understanding, and surgeons’ subjective confidence in surgical planning. Results: The mean planned operative time of 156 (SD 47) minutes was significantly lower (p < 0.001) in the VR group than in the CT group (172 min; SD 44). The mean planning time in the VR group was 3.48 min (SD 2.4), 17% longer than in the CT group (2.98 min, SD 1.9; p = 0.027). Relevant parameters influencing planning time were surgeon experience (-0.61 min) and estimated complexity of fracture treatment (+ 0.65 min). Conclusion: The use of virtual reality for surgical planning of complex tibial plateau fractures resulted in significantly shorter planned operative time, while planning time was longer compared to CT planning. After VR planning, more surgeons felt (very) well prepared for surgery. © The Author(s) 2024.

Collado-Mateo, D., et al. (2017). "Exergames for women with fibromyalgia: A randomised controlled trial to evaluate the effects on mobility skills, balance and fear of falling." PEERJ 2017(4).
	Background. Exergames are a new form of rehabilitation that combine the characteristics of physical exercise and the benefits of non-immersive virtual reality (VR). Effects of this novel therapy in women fibromyalgia are still unknown. The objective was to evaluate the effects of exergame-based intervention on mobility skills, balance and fear of falling in women with fibromyalgia. Methods. This study was a randomized controlled trial with concealed allocation. Seventy-six women with fibromyalgia were divided into two groups: the exercise group received an eight week intervention based on exergames, while the control group continued their usual activities. Mobility skills were evaluated using the timed up and go test, while balance was assessed using the functional reach test, and the CTSIB protocol. Fear of falling was evaluated on a scale of 0-100 (0, no fear; 100, extreme fear). Measurements were performed before and after the intervention. A repeated-measures linear mixed model was used to compare the effects of the intervention between the two groups. Results. The exercise group was significantly quicker than the control group in the timed up and go test (MD, -0.71; 95% CI [-1.09-0.32]; p < 0.001). There were also significant improvements in functional reach and a reduced fear of falling (MD, 4.34; 95% CI [1.39-7.30]; p = 0.005 and MD, -9.85; 95% CI [-0.19--0.08]; p = 0.048, respectively). Discussion. The improved TUG observed herein was better than the smallest real difference. Based on the results on mobility skills, balance and fear of falling, exergames may be an effective tool as a therapy for women with fibromyalgia. © 2017 Collado-Mateo et al.

Connor, B. B. and C. A. Shaw (2016). "Case study series using brain-training games to treat attention and memory following brain injury." Journal of Pain Management 9(3): 217-226.
	Rehabilitation following acquired brain injury typically focuses on regaining use of the affected lower and upper limbs. Impairment of cognitive processes, however, is predictive of rehabilitation outcomes. Cognitive activities have become more readily accessible to the home user through web-based games that engage brain functions often disrupted by acquired brain injury. With cognitive testing, it is possible to “prescribe” brain training that targets the specific cognitive functions disrupted by an individual’s acquired brain injury. Previous research has shown that individuals with acquired brain injury have difficulty finding the time to train on cognitive tasks at home, and are often confused and overwhelmed when attempting to operate computers without assistance. We asked if computer-based brain training were made available in a structured training format, at no cost to the participant, would acquire brain injury survivors benefit from using commercially available brain training? Three acquired brain injury patients were recruited. Pre-and post-training psychometric measures of memory and attention were obtained, as well as qualitative evaluation of the user experience. © Nova Science Publishers, Inc.

de Rooij, I. J. M., et al. (2021). "Effect of Virtual Reality Gait Training on Participation in Survivors of Subacute Stroke: A Randomized Controlled Trial." PHYSICAL THERAPY 101(5).
	Objective. After stroke, people experience difficulties with walking that lead to restrictions in participation in daily life. The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of virtual reality gait training (VRT) compared to non–virtual reality gait training (non-VRT) on participation in community-living people after stroke. Methods. In this assessor-blinded, randomized controlled trial with 2 parallel groups, people were included between 2 weeks and 6 months after stroke and randomly assigned to the VRT group or non-VRT group. Participants assigned to the VRT group received training on the Gait Real-time Analysis Interactive Lab (GRAIL), and participants assigned to the non-VRT group received treadmill training and functional gait exercises without virtual reality. Both training interventions consisted of 12 30-minute sessions during 6 weeks. The primary outcome was participation measured with the restrictions subscale of the Utrecht Scale for Evaluation of Rehabilitation-Participation (USER-P) 3 months postintervention. Secondary outcomes included subjective physical functioning, functional mobility, walking ability, dynamic balance, walking activity, fatigue, anxiety and depression, falls efficacy, and quality of life. Results. Twenty-eight participants were randomly assigned to the VRT group and 27 to the non-VRT group, of whom 25 and 22 attended 75% or more of the training sessions, respectively. No significant differences between the groups were found over time for the USER-P restrictions subscale (1.23; 95% CI = −0.76 to 3.23) or secondary outcome measures. Patients’ experiences with VRT were positive, and no serious adverse events were related to the interventions. Conclusions. The effect of VRT was not statistically different from non-VRT in improving participation in community-living people after stroke. Impact. Although outcomes were not statistically different, treadmill-based VRT was a safe and well-tolerated intervention that was positively rated by people after stroke. VR training might, therefore, be a valuable addition to stroke rehabilitation. Lay Summary. VRT is feasible and was positively experienced by people after stroke. However, VRT was not more effective than non-VRT for improving walking ability and participation after stroke. © The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Physical Therapy Association. All rights reserved.

De Rosario, H., et al. (2014). "Correction of joint angles from kinect for balance exercising and assessment." JOURNAL OF APPLIED BIOMECHANICS 30(2): 294-299.
	The new generation of videogame interfaces such as Microsoft's Kinect opens the possibility of implementing exercise programs for physical training, and of evaluating and reducing the risks of elderly people falling. However, applications such as these might require measurements of joint kinematics that are more robust and accurate than the standard output given by the available middleware. This article presents a method based on particle filters for calculating joint angles from the positions of the anatomical points detected by PrimeSense's NITE software. The application of this method to the measurement of lower limb kinematics reduced the error by one order of magnitude, to less than 10°, except for hip axial rotation, and it was advantageous over inverse kinematic analysis, in ensuring a robust and smooth solution without singularities, when the limbs are out-stretched and anatomical landmarks are aligned. © 2014 Human Kinetics, Inc.

Del Din, S., et al. (2020). "Falls risk in relation to activity exposure in high-risk older adults." Journals of Gerontology - Series A Biological Sciences and Medical Sciences 75(6): 1198-1205.
	Background: Physical activity is linked to many positive health outcomes, stimulating the development of exercise programs. However, many falls occur while walking and so promoting activity might paradoxically increase fall rates, causing injuries, and worse quality of life. The relationship between activity exposure and fall rates remains unclear. We investigated the relationship between walking activity (exposure to risk) and fall rates before and after an exercise program (V-TIME). Methods: One hundred and nine older fallers, 38 fallers with mild cognitive impairment (MCI), and 128 fallers with Parkinson's disease (PD) were randomly assigned to one of two active interventions: treadmill training only or treadmill training combined with a virtual reality component. Participants were tested before and after the interventions. Free-living walking activity was characterized by volume, pattern, and variability of ambulatory bouts using an accelerometer positioned on the lower back for 1 week. To evaluate that relationship between fall risk and activity, a normalized index was determined expressing fall rates relative to activity exposure (FRA index), with higher scores indicating a higher risk of falls per steps taken. Results: At baseline, the FRA index was higher for fallers with PD compared to those with MCI and older fallers. Walking activity did not change after the intervention for the groups but the FRA index decreased significantly for all groups (p = .035). Conclusions: This work showed that V-TIME interventions reduced falls risk without concurrent change in walking activity. We recommend using the FRA index in future fall prevention studies to better understand the nature of intervention programs. © The Author(s) 2020.

Ditchburn, J. L., et al. (2020). "The effects of exergaming on pain, postural control, technology acceptance and flow experience in older people with chronic musculoskeletal pain: A randomised controlled trial." BMC Sports Science, Medicine and Rehabilitation 12(1).
	Background: Older people with chronic musculoskeletal pain are at risk of falls. This study aimed to investigate the effects of exergaming on pain and postural control in older people with chronic musculoskeletal pain. Secondary outcomes were technology acceptance, flow experience, perceived physical exertion, expended mental effort and heart rate. Methods: Fifty four older adults (age: 71 ± 5 years) with chronic musculoskeletal pain were randomised into 2 groups. Group 1 received exergaming training using the Interactive Rehabilitation and Exercise System (IREX®). Group 2 undertook traditional gym-based exercise (TGB). Both groups completed twice weekly 40-min exercise sessions for 6 weeks. Perceived pain was measured using a numeric pain rating scale and the Multidimensional Affect and Pain Survey questionnaire. Postural control was measured as sway using a Kistler™ force platform. Technology acceptance was measured with the Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology questionnaire and flow experience with the Flow State Scale. Physiological measures of perceived physical exertion, expended mental effort and heart rate were recorded during all sessions. Results: The exergaming group demonstrated significant reductions in pain intensity and thermal pain including a near significant approach in physical engagement in comparison to TGB group. Although no intervention effects on postural control were found, the exergaming group showed significant improvements in three sway measures (AP SD, ML SD and AP range) over time whereas significant improvements in ML range were found in the TGB group. Relating to technology acceptance, significant intervention effects on social influence and behavioural intention were found in the TGB group instead, although both groups demonstrated increases of acceptance over time. Regarding flow experience, concentration at task was significantly influenced in the TGB group and significant increases in flow variables over time were observed in both groups. Significant increases over time in perceived physical exertion and expended mental effort were found in both groups. Conclusion: Our findings support the potential of exergaming to alleviate pain and improve balance in older people with chronic musculoskeletal pain. Both forms of exercise are acceptable, intrinsically motivating and show evidence of benefit to older people with chronic musculoskeletal pain. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04029285 (retrospectively registered, July 23, 2019) © 2020 The Author(s).

Erten, A. B., et al. (2023). "The Effectiveness of Video-Based Game Exercise Therapy Applications in Pes Planus Rehabilitation: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial." JMIR RESEARCH PROTOCOLS 12.
	Background: Pes planus is one of the most common foot deformities. Although there are many studies on the effectiveness of various exercise methods in pes planus rehabilitation, the number of studies on video-based game exercise therapy applications is very limited. Objective: This study aims to evaluate the effectiveness of 2 video-based game exercise therapies and structured exercise practices in pes planus rehabilitation. Methods: This study is a 3-arm, parallel-group, single-blinded randomized controlled trial. The study will include 69 patients with flexible pes planus aged between 18 and 25 years who attend the orthopedics and traumatology clinic and meet the inclusion criteria. The primary outcomes are measures of navicular drop and pedobarographic analysis before and after the intervention, and the secondary outcomes include balance, femoral anteversion, and lower extremity muscle strength. Participants will be evaluated with a navicular drop test for medial longitudinal arch height, a pedobarographic analysis system for plantar pressure analysis, a Craig test for femoral anteversion, the Becure Balance System for balance measurement, and a myometer device for lower extremity muscle strength measurement. Participants will be randomly assigned to a structured exercise group, an exergame group, or a serious game group according to their order of arrival. The structured exercise group will use a short foot exercise, a towel-picking exercise, and various walking and balance exercises. Patients in the serious play group will play the lower extremity games in the Becure Balance System. Patients in the exergame group will play balance games on the Nintendo Wii game console. All participants will participate in 18 exercise sessions (3 days a week for 6 weeks). After the treatment, the initial measurements will be repeated. Results: The study started in January 2023. It is expected to be completed in June 2024. Conclusions: This study will be the first randomized controlled study to evaluate the effectiveness of 2 different video-based game exercise therapy applications in pes planus rehabilitation. Through this study, the use of video-based game exercise therapy in pes planus rehabilitation, together with the developing technology, will be a guide. In addition, a new exercise protocol, including serious game exercises, will be added to the literature. In the future, it is expected that our study on the development of different game systems, especially for the ankle, will provide pioneering feedback. Copyright © 2023 the Author(s).

Eun, S. J., et al. (2022). "Development and Evaluation of an Artificial Intelligence-Based Cognitive Exercise Game: A Pilot Study." JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL AND PUBLIC HEALTH 2022.
	Recently, cognitive serious games have successfully been employed to train cognitive abilities in elderly people with mild cognitive impairment, Alzheimer's disease, and related disorders. However, despite the continuous rehabilitation game design and its applications, the existing cognitive exercise games fall short of user interaction and personalized elements with regard to difficult levels, which leads to users leaving early and losing interests during the gameplay. In this regard, the purpose of the study was to design and develop the serious game inclusive of playful elements for user motivation, the web-based mobile application system for easy accessibility, and Artificial Intelligence- (AI-) based difficulty level adjustment system for prevention from earlier leaving out in the middle of the play so that the elderly users can feel entertaining and immersed into the cognitive game voluntarily. This study was designed as an eight-week pilot experiment with thirty-seven participants in their 60s to 80s for the game's usability assessment purpose. Results of the study showed that the AI-based cognitive exercise game was acceptable, interesting, and motivating for the elderly people and the test results before and after the eight-week training suggest a relationship between longer the training on the game and lower cognitive assessment scores including geriatric quality of life scale, geriatric depression scale, and Korean version of mini-mental state examination (MMSE). These correlations demonstrate the potential value of serious games in clinical assessment of cognitive status for the elderly users with varying cognitive ability. Based on these results, the elderly-centered serious game with playful element can be potentially used in clinical settings, allowing the cognitive training to be more enjoyable and more medically effective. Given these promising results, a more focused study can extend to the game system or additional game tools or features to be explored that solely target the elderly by applying AI and advanced visualization devices. © 2022 Sung-Jong Eun et al.

Façanha de Carvalho, E., et al. (2021). "Computer-Aided Surgical Simulation in Severe Atrophic Mandibular Fractures: A New Method for Guided Reduction and Temporary Stabilization Before Fixation." JOURNAL OF ORAL AND MAXILLOFACIAL SURGERY 79(4): 892.e891-892.e897.
	In severe atrophic mandibular fractures, the absence of stable occlusion, as well as poor bone volume at the fracture site, constitutes a lack of references during surgery to achieve accurate fracture reduction. Unsuccessful reduction and stabilization can lead to several complications, such as fracture misalignments, malunion, and facial asymmetry. An alternative to avoid the aforementioned issues is fracture reduction based on virtual surgical planning (VSP) technology. However, there is little information regarding VSP protocols for the management of mandible fractures. Herein, a new technique with low cost is reported in which VSP and computer-aided manufacturing of a positioning guide were applied in a 72-year-old female patient with bilateral fractures in her atrophic mandible in the body region. The positioning guide was used during fracture reduction on the inferior surface of the mandible as per the virtual reduction. A 3-dimensional mandible model was also printed, facilitating the prebent 2.4-mm reconstructive plate. The surgical procedure was performed with no complications, resulting in the accurate fit of both the bent plate and the guide. A postoperative computed tomography scan showed good condylar position, fracture reduction, and hardware adaptation. A follow-up approximately 2 years later showed that she was successfully rehabilitated with the dental prosthesis. Therefore, VSP is a valuable tool for attaining a predictable result in the treatment of severe atrophic mandibular fracture, with a reduced operative duration, acceptable precision of fracture reduction, and low cost. © 2020 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons

Faure, C., et al. (2023). "Effectiveness of the miWe Simulator Training on Powered Wheelchair-driving Skills: A Randomized Controlled Trial." ARCHIVES OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE AND REHABILITATION 104(9): 1371-1377.
	Objectives: To evaluate the effectiveness of a home-based simulator training, in comparison with a videogame-based training, in terms of powered wheelchair driving skills, skills use in a real-world setting, and driving confidence. Design: Single-blinded randomized controlled trial. Setting: Community. Participants: New powered wheelchair users (N=47) randomly allocated to simulator group (n=24, 2 drop-out) and control group (n=23, 3 drop-out). Interventions: The miWe wheelchair simulator (simulator group) or a kart driving videogame (control group) was setted-up at participants’ homes (computer + joystick). They were instructed to use it at least 20 minutes every 2 days, during a period of 2 weeks. Primary Outcome Measure(s): Assessments were done at baseline (T1) and post-training (T2) using the Wheelchair Skills Test Questionnaire (WST-Q, version 4.1), Wheelchair Confidence Scale (WheelCon), Assistive Technology Outcomes Profile for Mobility, and Life-Space Assessment (LSA). The time necessary to complete 6 WST tasks was measured with a stopwatch. Results: Participants of the simulator group significantly increased their WST-Q capacity score at T2 by 7.5% (P<.05), whereas the control group remained at the same score (P=.218). Participants of both groups rolled backward and went through a door significantly faster at T2 (P=.007; P=.016), but their speed did not change for the other skills. The WheelCon score significantly increased after training (+4% for the control group and +3.5% for the simulator group, P=.001). There was no T1-T2 difference between groups for the WST-Q performance scores (P=.119), the ATOP-Activity (P=.686), the ATOP-Participation scores (P=.814), and the LSA score (P=.335). No adverse events or side effects were reported during data collection or training. Conclusions: Participants of both groups improved some skills and their wheelchair driving confidence. The simulator training group also demonstrated a modest post-training gain in their WST-Q capacity, but more studies would be needed to explore the long-term effects of the McGill immersive wheelchair simulator (miWe) simulator on driving skills. © 2023 American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine

Feinstein, A., et al. (2023). "Cognitive rehabilitation and aerobic exercise for cognitive impairment in people with progressive multiple sclerosis (CogEx): a randomised, blinded, sham-controlled trial." The Lancet Neurology 22(10): 912-924.
	Background: Cognitive dysfunction in people with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis can improve with cognitive rehabilitation or exercise. Similar effects have not been clearly shown in people with progressive multiple sclerosis. We aimed to investigate the individual and synergistic effects of cognitive rehabilitation and exercise in patients with progressive multiple sclerosis. Methods: CogEx was a randomised, sham-controlled trial completed in 11 hospital clinics, universities, and rehabilitation centres in Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Italy, UK, and USA. Patients with progressive multiple sclerosis were eligible for inclusion if they were aged 25–65 years and had an Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) score of less than 7. All had impaired processing speed defined as a performance of 1·282 SD or greater below normative data on the Symbol Digit modalities Tests (SDMT). Participants were randomly assigned (1:1:1:1), using an interactive web-response system accessed online from each centre, to cognitive rehabilitation plus exercise, cognitive rehabilitation plus sham exercise, exercise plus sham cognitive rehabilitation, or sham exercise plus sham cognitive rehabilitation. The study statistician created the randomisation sequence that was stratified by centre. Participants, outcome assessors, and investigators were blinded to group allocation. The study statistician was masked to treatment during analysis only. Interventions were conducted two times per week for 12 weeks: cognitive rehabilitation used an individualised, computer-based, incremental approach to improve processing speed; sham cognitive rehabilitation consisted of internet training provided individually; the exercise intervention involved individualised aerobic training using a recumbent arm–leg stepper; and the sham exercise involved stretching and balance tasks without inducing cardiovascular strain. The primary outcome measure was processing speed measured by SDMT at 12 weeks; least squares mean differences were compared between groups using linear mixed model in all participants who had a 12-week assessment. The trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03679468, and is completed. Findings: Between Dec 14, 2018, and April 2, 2022, 311 people with progressive multiple sclerosis were enrolled and 284 (91%) completed the 12-week assessment (117/311 [38%] male and 194/311 [62%] female). The least squares mean group differences in SDMT at 12 weeks did not differ between groups (p=0·85). Compared with the sham cognitive rehabilitation and sham exercise group (n=67), differences were –1·30 (95% CI –3·75 to 1·16) for the cognitive rehabilitation plus exercise group (n=70); –2·78 (–5·23 to –0·33) for the sham cognitive rehabilitation plus exercise group (n=71); and –0·71 (–3·11 to 1·70) for the cognitive rehabilitation plus sham exercise group (n=76). 11 adverse events possibly related to the interventions occurred, six in the exercise plus sham cognitive rehabilitation group (pain, dizziness, and falls), two in the cognitive rehabilitation plus sham exercise group (headache and pain), two in the cognitive rehabilitation and exercise group (increased fatigue and pain), and one in the dual sham group (fall). Interpretation: Combined cognitive rehabilitation plus exercise does not seem to improve processing speed in people with progressive multiple sclerosis. However, our sham interventions were not inactive. Studies comparing interventions with a non-intervention group are needed to investigate whether clinically meaningful improvements in processing speed might be attainable in people with progressive multiple sclerosis. Funding: MS Canada. © 2023 Elsevier Ltd

Gaikwad, S., et al. (2023). "A computer vision-approach for activity recognition and residential monitoring of elderly people." Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices 20.
	In this study, we explore a human activity recognition (HAR) system using computer vision for assisted living systems (ALS). Most existing HAR systems are implemented using wired or wireless sensor networks. These systems have limitations such as cost, power issues, weight, and the inability of the elderly to wear and carry them comfortably. These issues could be overcome by a computer vision based HAR system. But such systems require a highly memory-consuming image dataset. Training such a dataset takes a long time. The proposed computer-vision-based system overcomes the shortcomings of existing systems. The authors have used key-joint angles, distances between the key joints, and slopes between the key joints to create a numerical dataset instead of an image dataset. All these parameters in the dataset are recorded via real-time event simulation. The data set has 780,000 calculated feature values from 20,000 images. This dataset is used to train and detect five different human postures. These are sitting, standing, walking, lying, and falling. The implementation encompasses four distinct algorithms: the decision tree (DT), random forest (RF), support vector machine (SVM), and an ensemble approach. Remarkably, the ensemble technique exhibited exceptional performance metrics with 99 ​% accuracy, 98 ​% precision, 97 ​% recall, and an F1 score of 99 ​%. © 2023 The Authors

Gallo, L. H., et al. (2019). "Effects of virtual dance exercise on skeletal muscle architecture and function of community dwelling older women." Journal of Musculoskeletal Neuronal Interactions 19(1): 50-61.
	Objectives: The aim of this study was to analyze the effects of virtual dance exercise on skeletal muscle architecture and function in community-dwelling older women. Methods: Forty-two moderately active older women participated in this study and chose to join either the control group (CG; n=20; 70.3 ± 5.6 years) or exercise group (EG; n=22; 69.3 ± 3.7 years). Participants in the CG maintained their lifestyle and those in the EG performed group dance exercise using Dance Central game for Xbox 360® and Kinect for 40 min, 3 times/week, for 12 weeks. The primary outcomes were: ankle plantar flexion and dorsiflexion peak torque (PT), medial gastrocnemius muscle thickness (MT), fascicle length (FL), and pennation angle (PA). The secondary outcomes were: lower limbs range of motion (ROM), calf circumference (CC), 6 m customary gait speed, and handgrip strength. Data were analyzed using an ANOVA mixed model test (p < 0.05). Results: EG participants improved plantar flexion PT at 60º/s (16.3%; p<0.01), MT (8.7%; p<0.01) and ankle dorsiflexion ROM (5.1%; p=0.04) when compared to baseline, and exhibited enhanced CC values compared to CG (1.7%; p=0.03). Conclusions: Virtual dance exercise can be recommended to increase muscle mass. Moreover, ankle plantar flexion strength and dorsiflexion ROM gains may contribute to improve functionality and fall avoidance in moderately active older women. © 2019, International Society of Musculoskeletal and Neuronal Interactions. All rights reserved.

Gallou-Guyot, M., et al. (2023). "Feasibility and potential cognitive impact of a cognitive-motor dual-task training program using a custom exergame in older adults: A pilot study." FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 15.
	Introduction: Dual-task training may be relevant and efficient in the context of active aging. An issue in training programs lies in enhancing the adherence of participants. This can potentially be improved using games as support. We designed and developed a custom interactive exergame in this way. The objective of this pilot study was to explore the potential use of this exergame and the feasibility of our intervention, including the level of safety and adherence. The result’s trends on cognitive and motor capacities, as well as on the level of motivation for physical activity, fear of falling, and quality of life of participants, were also explored. Methods: Older adults aged 65 years or older were recruited and realized 30 min of supervised training in groups of 4, 2–3 times a week for 12 weeks. Exercises consisted of incorporated cognitive and motor dual tasks, with an increased difficulty over the weeks. Our program’s safety, engagement, attendance, and completion levels were evaluated. Participants’ postural control in single-task and dual-task conditions, as well as their performances in mental inhibition, flexibility, working memory, mobility, and postural control, and their levels of motivation for physical activity, fear of falling, and quality of life were also assessed. We realized a per protocol statistical analysis with a p-value set at 0.05. Results: Thirty-nine participants (aged 84.6 ± 8.5 years) were recruited. No adverse events, and 89% adherence, 88% attendance, and 87% completion rates were observed. A potentially significant effect of our exergame on working memory in single-task conditions and on the cognitive aspect of dual-task conditions was also observed. We observed no differences in other parameters. Discussion: Our exergame seemed feasible and safe and was enjoyed by participants, mainly due to the gamification of our training program. Moreover, our exergame may be efficient for cognitive training in older adults, as well as for the maintenance of motor functions, motivation for physical activity, fear of falling, and quality of life levels. This constitutes the first step for our solution with interesting results that need to be further studied. Copyright © 2023 Gallou-Guyot, Mandigout, Marie, Robin, Daviet and Perrochon.

Gandhi, D. B. C., et al. (2021). "A computer-game-based rehabilitation platform for individuals with fine and gross motor upper extremity deficits post-stroke (CARE fOR U) – Protocol for a randomized controlled trial." European Stroke Journal 6(3): 291-301.
	Background & purpose: Activity-based neuroplasticity and re-organization leads to motor learning via replicating real-life movements. Increased repetition of such movements has growing evidence over last few decades. In particular, computer-game-based rehabilitation is found to be effective, feasible and acceptable for post-stroke upper limb deficits. Our study aims to evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of 12 weeks of computer-game-based rehabilitation platform (GRP) on fine and gross motor skills post-stroke in India. Methods: Through this trial we will study the effect of adjunctive in-hospital GRP (using a motion-sensing airmouse with off-the-shelf computer games) in 80 persons with subacute stroke, for reduction of post-stroke upper limb deficits in a single-centre prospective Randomized Open, Blinded End- point trial when compared to conventional therapy alone. Results: We intend to evaluate between-group differences using Wolf Motor Function test, Stroke Specific Quality of Life, and GRP assessment tool. Feasibility will be assessed via recruitment rates, adherence to intervention periods, drop-out rate and qualitative findings of patient experience with the intervention. Conclusion: The CARE FOR U trial is designed to test the feasibility and effectiveness of a computer-game based rehabilitation platform in treating upper limb deficits after stroke. In case of positive findings GRP can be widely applicable for stroke populations needing intensive and regular therapy with supervision. © European Stroke Organisation 2021.

Gao, T. Y., et al. (2018). "Effectiveness of a binocular video game vs placebo video game for improving visual functions in older children, teenagers, and adults with amblyopia: A randomized clinical trial." JAMA OPHTHALMOLOGY 136(2): 172-181.
	Importance: Binocular amblyopia treatment using contrast-rebalanced stimuli showed promise in laboratory studies and requires clinical trial investigation in a home-based setting. Objective: To compare the effectiveness of a binocular video game with a placebo video game for improving visual functions in older children and adults. Design, Setting, and Participants: The Binocular Treatment of Amblyopia Using Videogames clinical trial was a multicenter, double-masked, randomized clinical trial. Between March 2014 and June 2016, 115 participants 7 years and older with unilateral amblyopia (amblyopic eye visual acuity, 0.30-1.00 logMAR; Snellen equivalent, 20/40-20/200) due to anisometropia, strabismus, or both were recruited. Eligible participants were allocated with equal chance to receive either the active or the placebo video game, with minimization stratified by age group (child, age 7 to 12 years; teenager, age 13 to 17 years; and adult, 18 years and older). Interventions: Falling-blocks video games played at home on an iPod Touch for 1 hour per day for 6 weeks. The active video game had game elements split between eyes with a dichoptic contrast offset (mean [SD] initial fellow eye contrast, 0.23 [0.14]). The placebo video game presented identical images to both eyes. Main Outcomes and Measures: Change in amblyopic eye visual acuity at 6weeks. Secondary outcomes included compliance, stereoacuity, and interocular suppression. Participants and clinicians who measured outcomes were masked to treatment allocation. Results: Of the 115 included participants, 65 (56.5%) were male and 83 (72.2%) were white, and the mean (SD) age at randomization was 21.5 (13.6) years. There were 89 participants (77.4%) who had prior occlusion. The mean (SD) amblyopic eye visual acuity improved 0.06 (0.12) logMAR from baseline in the active group (n = 56) and 0.07 (0.10) logMAR in the placebo group (n = 59). The mean treatment difference between groups, adjusted for baseline visual acuity and age group, was -0.02 logMAR (95%CI, -0.06 to 0.02; P = .25). Compliance with more than 25%of prescribed game play was achieved by 36 participants (64%) in the active group and by 49 (83%) in the placebo group. At 6 weeks, 36 participants (64%) in the active group achieved fellow eye contrast greater than 0.9 in the binocular video game. No group differences were observed for any secondary outcomes. Adverse effects included 3 reports of transient asthenopia. Conclusions and Relevance: The specific home-based binocular falling-blocks video game used in this clinical trial did not improve visual outcomes more than the placebo video game despite increases in fellow eye contrast during game play. More engaging video games with considerations for compliance may improve effectiveness. © 2018 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.

Gomes, G. C. V., et al. (2017). "Feasibility, safety, acceptability, and functional outcomes of playing Nintendo Wii Fit Plus™ for frail elderly: Study protocol for a feasibility trial." Pilot and feasibility studies 3(1).
	Background: Frailty can be defined as a medical syndrome with multiple causes and contributors, characterized by diminished strength and endurance and reduced physiological function that increases the vulnerability to develop functional dependency and/or death. Studies have shown that the most commonly studied exercise protocol for frail older adults is the multimodal training. Interactive video games (IVGs) involve tasks in virtual environments that combine physical and cognitive demands in an attractive and challenging way. The aim of this study will be to evaluate the feasibility, safety, acceptability, and functional outcomes of playing Nintendo Wii Fit PlusTM (NWFP) for frail older adults. Methods/design: The study is a randomized controlled, parallel group, feasibility trial. Participants will be randomly assigned to the experimental group (EG) and control group (CG). The EG will participate in 14 training sessions, each lasting 50 min, twice a week. In each training session, the participants will play five games, with three attempts at each game. The first attempt will be performed with the assistance of a physical therapist to correct the movements and posture of the patients and subsequent attempts will be performed independently. Scores achieved in the games will be recorded. The participants will be evaluated by a blinded physical therapist at three moments: before and after intervention and 30 days after the end of the intervention (follow-up). We will assess the feasibility, acceptability, safety, and clinical outcomes (postural control, gait, cognition, quality of life, mood, and fear of falling). Discussion: Due to the deficiencies in multiple systems, studies have shown that multimodal interventions including motor-cognitive stimulation can improve the mobility of frail elderly adults. IVGs, among them the NWFP, are considered as a multimodal motor-cognitive intervention that can potentially improve motor and cognitive functions in the frail elderly. However, there is still no evidence in the literature that proves the feasibility, safety, acceptability, and functional outcomes of this intervention in frail elderly individuals. © 2017 The Author(s).

Hamed, A., et al. (2018). "Exercises of dynamic stability under unstable conditions increase muscle strength and balance ability in the elderly." Scandinavian Journal of Medicine and Science in Sports 28(3): 961-971.
	The purpose of this study was to assess the effectiveness of a specific exercise intervention of mechanisms to control dynamic postural stability under unstable conditions in old adults. Forty-seven old adults (65-80 years) were assigned to 2 experimental groups (muscle strength group, n = 15; perturbation-based group, n = 16) and a control group (n = 16). The strength group performed resistance exercises for leg and trunk muscles, while the perturbation-based group exercised mechanisms of dynamic stability under unstable conditions. The training duration was 14 weeks, with training sessions twice a week for 1.5 hours. Muscle strength, balance ability, and balance recovery performance were investigated before and after the interventions using maximal isometric plantar flexion and knee extension contractions, the approach of the center of pressure to the anterior limits of stability and simulated forward falls. Both interventions increased balance recovery performance in simulated forward falls (81%, d = 1.50 and 80%, d = 1.08 in the muscle strength and perturbation-based group, respectively), while the control group did not show any changes. Plantar flexor strength increased 20% (d = 0.72) in the muscle strength and 23% (d = 1.03) in the perturbation-based group, while muscle strength of the knee extensors increased only in the muscle strength group (8%, d = 0.76). On the other hand, only the perturbation-based group showed a significant improvement of standing balance ability (38%, d = 1.61). We conclude that a perturbation-based training program focusing on exercising mechanisms of dynamic stability in unstable conditions has the potential to enhance muscle strength as well as sensory information processing within the motor system during sudden and static balance tasks and, as a consequence, reduce the risk of falls in old adults. © 2017 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd

Harbrecht, A., et al. (2022). "“Crack under pressure”—Inducing life-like mandible fractures as a potential benefit to surgical education in oral and maxillofacial surgery." Annals of Anatomy 240.
	The aim of this study was to investigate whether life-like fractures of human cadaveric mandibles with a focus on the condylar process and the intact soft tissue envelope could be simulated. A total of nine fresh-frozen human head specimens were fractured in a custom-made drop-test bench. This reproducible method is based on a weight falling from a defined height onto the fixed specimens, simulating a direct blow to the symphysis of the mandible. All the fractures were analyzed by fluoroscopy and CT-scans. In all the specimens that were included in this study, several typical lesions could be created, resulting in a total of 27 mandible fractures. Seven condylar head fractures with intracapsular fracture patterns, three high, two low and five subcondylar fractures as well as different corpus fractures occurred. Human cadaveric mandibles as part of a complete head specimen with intact soft tissue can be successfully fractured by means of a drop-test bench setup. The amount of load and the exact angle at which the load is applied seem to be of high relevance. Such fractured specimens can be implemented in surgical education courses to teach and improve osteosynthetic techniques. © 2021 Elsevier GmbH

Harbrecht, A., et al. (2021). "Fractures around the hip: inducing life-like fractures as a basis for enhanced surgical training." ARCHIVES OF ORTHOPAEDIC AND TRAUMA SURGERY 141(10): 1683-1690.
	Introduction: In this study we investigated if realistic fracture patterns around the hip can be produced on human cadaveric specimens with intact soft tissue envelope. Possible applications of such fractured specimens would be in surgical training. Materials and methods: 7 cadaveric specimens (2 male, 5 female, 2 formalin-fixed, 5 fresh-frozen) were fractured. 2 specimens were fractured on both femurs, 5 only on one side, resulting in 9 fractures total. 5 fractures were set in our custom-made drop-test bench, 2 fractures by inducing axial force using a hammer, and the remaining 2 fractures by a direct dorsal approach and a chisel. AO/OTA and Pauwels classification were used to classify the fractures on the specimens by two independent trauma surgeons. Results: In our drop-test bench, axial load with the femur adducted by 10° resulted in an intertrochanteric fracture (AO type A1.3), adducted by 20° resulted in a femoral neck fracture (Pauwels type III). Fracture induction using a hammer resulted in two intertrochanteric fractures (AO type A2.2 right, A3.3 left). The use of a chisel resulted in both cases in a femoral neck fracture. The acetabulum could be fractured multifragmentarily through use of a hemiprosthesis as a stamp. Conclusion: A high energetic impulse induced by a custom-made drop-test bench can successfully simulate realistic proximal femur and acetabular fractures in cadaveric specimens with intact soft tissue. Furthermore, axial load using a hammer as well as using a chisel through a direct dorsal approach represent additional methods for fracture induction. These pre-fractured specimens can be utilized in surgical education to provide a realistic teaching experience for specialized trauma education courses. © 2020, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.

Harris, D. M., et al. (2018). "Concurrent exergaming and transcranial direct current stimulation to improve balance in people with Parkinson's disease: Study protocol for a randomised controlled trial." TRIALS 19(1).
	Background: People with Parkinson's disease (PD) commonly experience postural instability, resulting in poor balance and an increased risk of falls. Exercise-based video gaming (exergaming) is a form of physical training that is delivered through virtual reality technology to facilitate motor learning and is efficacious in improving balance in aged populations. In addition, studies have shown that anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (a-tDCS), when applied to the primary motor cortex, can augment motor learning when combined with physical training. However, no studies have investigated the combined effects of exergaming and tDCS on balance in people with PD. Methods/design: Twenty-four people with mild to moderate PD (Hoehn and Yahr scale score 2-4) will be randomly allocated to receive one of three interventions: (1) exergaming + a-tDCS, (2) exergaming + sham a-tDCS or (3) usual care. Participants in each exergaming group will perform two training sessions per week for 12 weeks. Each exergaming session will consist of a series of static and dynamic balance exercises using a rehabilitation-specific software programme (Jintronix) and 20 minutes of either sham or real a-tDCS (2 mA) delivered concurrently. Participants allocated to usual care will be asked to maintain their normal daily physical activities. All outcome measures will be assessed at baseline and at 6 weeks (mid-intervention), 12 weeks (post-intervention) and 24 weeks (3-month follow-up) after baseline. The primary outcome measure will be the Limits of Stability Test. Secondary outcomes will include measures of static balance, leg strength, functional capacity, cognitive task-related cortical activation, corticospinal excitability and inhibition, and cognitive inhibition. Discussion: This will be the first trial to target balance in people with PD with combined exergaming and a-tDCS. We hypothesise that improvements in balance, functional and neurophysiological outcome measures, and neurocognitive outcome measures will be greater and longer-lasting following concurrent exergaming and a-tDCS than in those receiving sham tDCS or usual care. © 2018 The Author(s).

Hasimova, Z., et al. (2023). "Effectiveness of virtual reality therapy in chronic unilateral vestibular hypofunction: A randomized controlled study." Turkish Journal of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation 69(2): 286-293.
	Objectives: The aim of the study was to investigate the superiority of rehabilitation with virtual reality (Nintendo Wii) over habituation exercises in chronic vestibular hypofunction. Patients and methods: Eighty-seven patients (44 males, 43 females; mean age: 45.8±12.2 years; range, 19 to 70 years) with chronic unilateral vestibular hypofunction were included in the prospective randomized controlled study conducted between October 2017 and June 2018. Patients were randomized into two groups: the treatment group (TG; n=45) and the control group (n=42). Each group received vestibular rehabilitation exercises. The TG exercised with visual stimulation (virtual reality) in addition to the standard exercises. The patients were evaluated before the treatment and at two and three months. The frequency of dizziness was questioned. Visual analog scale, timed up and go test, Berg balance test, Romberg test, and Dizziness Handicap Inventory questionnaire were used to assess the patients. Results: There was a statistically significant decrease in the severity of dizziness in both groups at two- and three-month controls (p<0.001). In the comparison between the groups, severity of dizziness, frequency of attacks, and daily frequency were significantly improved in the TG (p<0.001). Conclusion: Adding virtual reality therapy to habituation exercises is effective in reducing the frequency of attacks. ©2023 All right reserved by the Turkish Society of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation.

Hassan, S., et al. (2020). "Fast and economical protocol for in-house virtual planning and 3D-printed surgical templates in mandibular reconstruction." Journal of 3D Printing in Medicine 4(2): 83-90.
	In this work, a case series consisting of mandibular reconstruction with free fibula flap in ameloblastic carcinoma, pathological mandibular fracture and recontouring of mandibular angle hyperplasia that were treated successfully using fast and economical in-house virtual planning and 3D-printing protocol has been presented. Pre-operatively, the design of the reconstructed mandibular model and surgical templates were carried out, with the help of two types of free software. As the next step, all designed 3D hardware tools were printed using affordable fused deposition modeling desktop 3D printer. A 3D-printed reconstructed mandibular model was used for titanium plate bending. Our findings have illustrated that it necessitates an average of 5 h 29 min per case from virtual planning stage until the 3D printing of all 3D hardware tools is completed. The average cost for 3D-printed hardware tools and titanium plate per case is only $203.42. © 2020 Future Medicine Ltd.. All rights reserved.

Hauer, K., et al. (2020). "Effectiveness and sustainability of a motor-cognitive stepping exergame training on stepping performance in older adults: A randomized controlled trial." EUROPEAN REVIEW OF AGING AND PHYSICAL ACTIVITY 17(1).
	Background: Training effects reported for stepping exergames on stepping performances in older adults often based on not comprehensively validated outcomes measures, and follow-up data on their sustainability are lacking. The aim of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness and sustainability of a motor-cognitive stepping exergame training on the stepping performance in older adults. Methods: Fifty-eight older adults (78.3 ± 6.5 years) participated in the randomized controlled trial with a 10-week intervention and 10-week follow-up period. The intervention group (IG: n = 29) took part in a once-weekly exercise program including strength and balance exercises supplemented with an additional stepping exergame training. The control group (CG: n = 29) only performed the strength and balance exercises. Outcome measures included stepping reaction times (SRTs) and games scores for individual stepping exergame levels and for the overall exergame performance, as measured by an assessment strategy previously validated in older adults. Results: SRTs and/or games scores for 7 out of 10 levels and the overall exergame performance significantly improved in the IG compared to the CG during the intervention (p ≤ 0.001-0.039, η p2 = 0.090-0.445). Training gains were sustained for 2 levels and for the overall exergame performance (p = 0.017-0.033, η p2 = 0.127-0.193). Conclusion: The study demonstrates that the additional stepping exergame training effectively and sustainably improves the performance in complex motor-cognitive stepping exergame tasks in older adults, which can be relevant for preventing falls. Future research is needed to evaluate the effectiveness of such training on reducing the number of falls. Trial registration: ISRCTN registry, ISRCTN14855620, 06/06/2019 (retrospectively registered). © 2020 The Author(s).

Hesse, K., et al. (2017). "Experimental variation of social stress in virtual reality – Feasibility and first results in patients with psychotic disorders." JOURNAL OF BEHAVIOR THERAPY AND EXPERIMENTAL PSYCHIATRY 56: 129-136.
	Background and objectives Social interaction might lead to increased stress levels in patients with psychotic disorders. Impaired social stress tolerance is critical for social functioning and closely linked with symptom relapse and hospitalization. We present an interactive office built-up in virtual reality (VR). Methods Patients with psychotic disorders (PP, N = 26 including N = 5 dropouts) and matched healthy controls (HC, N = 20) were examined with a VR simulating an open-plan office. In a randomized, controlled cross-over design, participants were introduced to virtual co-workers (avatars) and requested to ask them for task assistance. Social feedback in each of the two sessions was either cooperative or rejective in randomized order. Results The office environment was tolerable for most PP and all HC, five PP and none of the HC dropped out for any reason. Drop-outs reported simulator sickness, influence on thoughts and symptom exacerbations. Statistical trends indicated heightened paranoid ideations for PP after social rejection. State measures of paranoid ideations showed high convergent validity with conventional measures of delusions. Of note, measures of presence were higher for PP than for HC. Limitations The exploratory design limits the robustness of the findings. Only statistical trends on paranoid ideation were found. Conclusion The use of VR to assess the effects of social rejection is feasible and tolerable for most PP (87%). However, its implementation for PP is challenged by increased simulator sickness and an additional stress load for some patients. Further studies continuing on these first results that point towards an increased paranoid ideation evoked by negative social feedback and generally higher subjective presence are needed. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd

Hoang, P., et al. (2016). "Effects of a home-based step training programme on balance, stepping, cognition and functional performance in people with multiple sclerosis - A randomized controlled trial." Multiple Sclerosis 22(1): 94-103.
	Background: Stepping impairments increase fall risk in people with MS. No studies have evaluated step training for reducing fall risk in this population. Objectives: To determine if step training can improve physical and neuropsychological measures associated with falls in MS. Methods: 50 PwMS with moderate disability participated in a randomized controlled trial in which intervention group participants (n = 28) performed step training for 12 weeks while controls (n = 22) continued usual physical activity. The primary outcomes were choice stepping reaction time (CSRT) and Stroop stepping test (SST) time. Secondary outcomes included balance test (postural sway, CSRT components), gait speed and cognitive tests, nine-hole peg test (9-HPT) and MS functional composite (MSFC) score. Results: 44 participants completed the study and no adverse events were reported. Compared with the control group, the intervention group performed significantly better at retest in CSRT and SST times, and tests of sway with eyes open, 9-HPT, single and dual task gait speed and MSFC score. There was a non-significant trend for fewer falls in the intervention group. Conclusions: The findings indicate that the step training programme is feasible, safe and effective in improving stepping, standing balance, coordination and functional performance in people with MS. © 2015 SAGE Publications.

Hong, T. S., et al. (2024). "Effect of Screw Length in Volar Plating for Intra-Articular Distal Radius Fractures: A Biomechanical Study." Journal of Hand Surgery 49(12): 1186-1195.
	Purpose: The purpose of this study was to compare the effect of varying screw lengths on load to failure and retention of the dorsal ulnar corner fragment after fixation of comminuted intra-articular distal radius fractures in a cadaveric model. Methods: Twenty-four fresh frozen cadaveric forearms were subjected to a standardized distal radius osteotomy to mimic an intra-articular fracture pattern. Dual X-ray absorptiometry scans were performed to ensure minimal variability in bone density. All fractures were fixed with a volar locking plate and distal locking screws. Three different lengths of distal locking screws were used in each group of eight specimens to simulate the clinical decision of different distal screw lengths. The screw lengths tested were bicortical, 100% of the width of the bone but unicortical, and 75% of the width of the bone and unicortical. All specimens were preconditioned with cyclic axial loading and then axially loaded using matching acrylic resin molds to clinical failure and fragment displacement as detected by a motion analysis system. Retention or loss of the dorsal ulnar corner fragment during loading was recorded as a binary variable. Results: Between the three groups, there were no statistically significant differences in precycling stiffness, postcycling stiffness, load at 2 mm displacement of the dorsal ulnar corner, or force at failure. The group with 75% length screws had a significantly higher loss of reduction of the dorsal ulnar corner (86%) compared with the other groups (0%). Conclusions: Varying screw lengths did not affect the stiffness or overall loads to failure of axially loaded specimens. However, the 75% length screws did not reliably secure the dorsal ulnar corner fragments. Although this did not significantly affect the overall load to failure of the construct, displacement of this fragment may have implications for rotation of the forearm through the distal radioulnar joint. Clinical relevance: Surgeons should consider the utilization of full-length unicortical locking screws to ensure adequate fixation of the dorsal ulnar corner. © 2024 American Society for Surgery of the Hand

Huang, C. C., et al. (2022). "Comparison of the Wii Balance Board System and Foam Posturography System in Assessing Postural Balance." EAR AND HEARING 43(6): 1800-1806.
	Objective: Falls are a major cause of disability and mortality in the elderly. Postural balance is associated with falls and can be evaluated by posturography. However, conventional posturography is costly and requires a sufficiently large space to perform. Hence, this study developed a portable system to meet the requirement of field studies, and investigated its reliability and validity. Design: A custom-written software application was developed to link a computer to the Nintendo Wii balance board (WBB) and the center of pressure was acquired, which was then compared with that obtained from commercially available foam posturography (FP). Forty younger adults including 20 patients with peripheral vestibular disorders as well as 20 healthy controls, and 50 older patients with peripheral vestibular disorders were enrolled. All subjects underwent postural balance testing using the WBB system (WBSS) and FP system (FPS) in a randomized order. Results: For the intersystem reliability, although the WBSS obtained a significantly smaller mean sway area than the FPS, both systems revealed adequate to excellent reliability with an intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) of 0.67 to 0.87. The WBBS showed adequate to excellent test-retest reliability (ICC: 0.53 to 0.88). For the validity, the respective cutoff sway areas were 1.03 and 3.09 cm2 under conditions C and D via the WBBS for discriminating the fallers from nonfallers. Conclusion: The WBBS yielded adequate to excellent reliability and validity for accessing postural balance, and had good performance in discriminating the fallers from nonfallers. The WBBS has advantages over the commercial FPS of low cost, easy portability, programmability, and may be better-suited to mass detection and research programs. Most importantly, this WBBS can be performed outside the hospital for testing postural balance, especially in the elderly. Copyright © 2022 The Authors. Ear & Hearing is published on behalf of the American Auditory Society, by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.

Hung, E. S. W., et al. (2019). "Effects of Interactive Video Game-Based Exercise on Balance in Diabetic Patients with Peripheral Neuropathy: An Open-Level, Crossover Pilot Study." EVIDENCE-BASED COMPLEMENTARY AND ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE 2019.
	Purpose. This study evaluated the effects of interactive video game-based (IVGB) exercise on balance in diabetic patients with peripheral neuropathy. Materials and Methods. Twenty-four patients were randomly assigned to two groups (12 participants per group). Group A received IVGB training for the first 6 weeks, with no exercise in the subsequent 6 weeks. Group B had no exercise for the first 6 weeks and then underwent IVGB training in the subsequent 6 weeks. For all participants, the Modified Falls Efficacy Scale (MFES), Time Up and Go (TUG) test, Berg Balance Scale (BBS), and Unipedal Stance Test (UST) were employed at weeks 0, 6, and 12 of the experiment. Results. BBS, right-leg UST, and TUG test scores significantly improved after IVGB intervention, whereas MFES and left-leg UST tended to improve after IVGB intervention. Conclusions. This study revealed that 6-week balance-based exercise training using the IVGB system exerted positive effects on functional balance in patients with diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN). © 2019 Erica Shih-Wei Hung et al.

Hung, J. W., et al. (2016). "Feasibility of Using Tetrax Biofeedback Video Games for Balance Training in Patients With Chronic Hemiplegic Stroke." PM and R 8(10): 962-970.
	Background Decreased weight bearing on the affected lower limb and poor weight shifting are common after a stroke occurs. The Tetrax biofeedback system is a center-of-pressure controlled video game system designed for patients with balance deficits. Although it is a commercial product, information about its clinical use for patients affected by stroke is limited. Objective To investigate the feasibility and potential efficacy of the Tetrax biofeedback system for balance training in patients with chronic stroke. Design Feasibility study. Setting Rehabilitation department of a medical center. Participants Participants who had sustained a hemiplegic stroke at least 6 months prior to enrollment but were still able to stand independently for more than 5 minutes. Methods Participants were randomly assigned to an intervention group (IG) or control group (CG). All participants received conventional rehabilitation training. The IG also received 20 minutes of exposure to Tetrax biofeedback games controlled by change in center of pressure 3 times a week for 6 weeks. Main Outcome Measurements The primary outcome was feasibility, addressed by adherence, safety, and satisfaction. The secondary outcome was efficacy, which was evaluated by the subtests of physiological profile assessment, posturography, Timed Up and Go, and Forward Reach tests. We used percentage change (post-training score – pretraining score/pretraining score) to quantify the intervention effects. Mann-Whitney U tests were used to analyze differences in percentage of change between groups. Results A total of 14 participants were assigned to the IG, and 13 were assigned to the CG; 12 participants in the IG and 11 in the CG completed the study. In the IG group, those who completed the 6-week intervention attended 89.5% of planned sessions. No major adverse events or falls occurred within the intervention sessions. With use of 5-point Likert scales, participants rated their enjoyment of Tetrax games as 4.33 ± 0.78, their motivation as 4.17 ± 1.03, and perceived helpfulness as 4.25 ± 0.97. The IG demonstrated a significantly greater improvement in reaction time (P = .002), proprioception (P < .001), symmetric weight bearing (P = .027), Timed Up and Go (P < .001), and Forward Reach (P < .001) compared with the CG. Conclusions Using Tetrax biofeedback video games for balance training is a feasible adjunctive program that may augment conventional therapy in persons affected by chronic hemiplegic stroke. Level of Evidence II © 2016 American Academy of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation

Hüseyinova, G., et al. (2015). "Potential contribution of virtual histology plaque composition to hemodynamic-morphologic dissociation in patients with non-ST elevation acute coronary syndrome." International Journal of Cardiology 187(1): 33-38.
	Objective: Histologic plaque characteristics may influence the hemodynamic effect generated by physiologically significant unstable coronary lesions where plaque content and surface related factors are expected to contribute to the maximum translesional pressure drop. In this study, we aimed to identify local lesion specific virtual histological characteristics that may potentially affect hemodynamic outcome measures. Methods: Forty-eight consecutive patients with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome (NSTEACS) having paired hemodynamic and morphological data were enrolled. A dual sensor guide-wire was used for the assessment of fractional flow reserve (FFR) and stenosis resistance (HSR) in the culprit vessel. Virtual histology intravascular ultrasound imaging was performed after obtaining hemodynamic data. Results: In a hemodynamically significant lesion subset (FFR < 0.75 [n = 34]), after controlling for lesion length, MLA and coronary artery compliance, FFR correlated with necrotic core (NC) area (r = -0.423, p = 0.028) at MLA and NC volume (r = -0.497, p = 0.008) and dense calcium (DC) volume (r = -0.332, p = 0.03) across the entire lesion segment. Likewise, NC (r = -0.544, p = 0.005) and DC (r = 0.376, p = 0.03) areas at MLA and NC (r = 0.545, p = 0.005) and DC (r = 0.576, p = 0.003) volumes across the entire lesion segment were associated with HSR in the hemodynamically significant lesion group (HSR > 0.80 [n = 33]). However, no correlation has been observed between intracoronary hemodynamic end-points and plaque components in hemodynamically insignificant lesions. Conclusions: This study demonstrated that for a given coronary stenosis geometry and arterial compliance, plaque composition may influence hemodynamic outcome measures in functionally significant stenoses in patients with NSTEACS. © 2015 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.

Ibrahim, A., et al. (2019). "A comparison of motor intelligence and some basic movements according to the time of daily practice of electronic games and watching television for children (4-6) years." Annals of Tropical Medicine and Public Health 22(9).
	The study aimed to identify the time of daily practice of electronic games and watch television for children aged (4-6) years, and to identify (motor intelligence) for the child and some basic movements represented by (running, jumping, throwing) according to the variation of the times of daily practice of these electronic games and watching Television The sample consisted of (396) children enrolled in kindergarten in the city of Samarra in Salah al-Din Governorate in Iraq. The researchers concluded that children practicing these electronic games and watching TV with a time (less than two hours a day) showed superiority over their peers Marcin those games and TV viewers for more than (two hours) per day in all kinetic intelligence tests as well as in the evaluation of the results of the virtual form of basic movements of the children of both (running, jump, throw). © Annals of Tropical Medicine & Public Health S273B.

Iseki, T., et al. (2021). "Double-level osteotomy for severe varus osteoarthritic knees can prevent change in leg length and restore physiological joint geometry." Knee 31: 136-143.
	Background: It is unclear whether double-level osteotomy (DLO) combining closed-wedge osteotomy in the distal femur and open-wedge osteotomy in the proximal tibia deformity can prevent change in leg length and excessive coronal inclination of the tibial articular surface in surgical correction of the severe varus knee. The purpose of this study was to examine the postoperative change in leg length as well as radiological and clinical outcomes following DLO compared with the results obtained from knees undergoing isolated open-wedge high tibial osteotomy (OW-HTO). Methods: In cases of severe varus knee deformity (hip–knee–ankle angle (HKA) > 10°) 29 patients undergoing DLO and 35 patients undergoing OW-HTO were included. If the predicted mechanical medial proximal tibial angle (mMPTA) was 95° or greater or the wedge size was 15 mm or greater in the surgical simulation, then DLO was considered as the surgical of option. In cases where these criteria were not met, OW-HTO was selected. All patients were followed up for a minimum of 2 years. Results: The changes in the length of the whole leg in the DLO and OW-HTO groups averaged 2.3 ± 4.8 mm and 9.3 ± 7.2 mm, respectively (P < 0.001). mMPTA of more than 95° was found in no knee in the DLO group. Conclusions: This study showed that DLO could avoid leg length change and non-physiologic joint lines when performed in patients with varus HKA > 10°, and the predicted mMPTA was 95° or greater or the wedge size was 15 mm or greater in the surgical simulation. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.

Jacobs, E., et al. (2019). "Effect of a semirigid thoracolumbar orthosis on gait and sagittal alignment in patients with an osteoporotic vertebral compression fracture." CLINICAL INTERVENTIONS IN AGING 14: 671-680.
	Background: An important goal in the treatment of osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures (OVCFs) is the prevention of new vertebral fractures and the subsequent progression to global sagittal malalignment. Current conservative treatment is multimodal and comprises analgesics, medication for osteoporosis, and physical therapy. However, little is known about the value of orthoses in the treatment of OVCFs. Aims: The primary purpose of this study was to examine the direct effect of a semirigid thoracolumbar orthosis on gait in patients suffering from an OVCF. The secondary purpose was to evaluate changes in gait, radiographic sagittal alignment, pain, and quality of life over time. Methods: Fifteen postmenopausal patients with an OVCF were treated with a semirigid thoracolumbar orthosis. At baseline, after 6 weeks, and after 6 months, gait analysis was performed with a dual belt–instrumented treadmill with a 180° projection screen providing a virtual environment (computer-assisted rehabilitation environment) combined with clinical and radiographic assessments. Results: At baseline, bracing caused a significantly more upright posture during walking and patients walked faster, with larger strides, longer stride times, and lower cadence compared to walking without orthosis. After 6 weeks, radiographic and dynamic sagittal alignment had improved compared to baseline. The observed effect was gone after 6 months, when the orthosis was not worn anymore. Conclusion: A semirigid thoracolumbar orthosis seems to have a positive effect on gait and stability in patients suffering from an OVCF, as was shown by a more upright posture, which may result in decreased compressive loading of the vertebrae. For studying the true effectiveness of dynamic bracing in the treatment of OVCFs, a prospective, randomized controlled trial will be needed. © 2019 Jacobs et al.

Jäggi, S., et al. (2023). "Feasibility and effects of cognitive–motor exergames on fall risk factors in typical and atypical Parkinson’s inpatients: a randomized controlled pilot study." EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF MEDICAL RESEARCH 28(1).
	Background: People with Parkinson`s disease (PD) often suffer from both motor and cognitive impairments. Simultaneous motor and cognitive training stimulates neurobiological processes which are important especially for people with PD. The aim of this study is to test the feasibility and effects of simultaneous cognitive–motor training in form of exergames in the setting of inpatient rehabilitation of persons with PD. Methods: Forty participants (72.4 ± 9.54 years; Hoehn and Yahr stage 1–4) were randomly assigned to either the intervention group, which trained five times a week in addition to the conventional rehabilitation program, or the control group, which underwent the standard rehabilitation treatment only. Primary outcome was feasibility (measured by adherence rate, attrition rate, occurrence of adverse events, system usability scale (SUS), and NASA TLX score). In addition, various cognitive (Go/No-Go test, reaction time test (RTT), color word interference test (D-KEFS) and Trail Making Test A and B (TMT)) and motor (preferred gait speed, maximum gait speed, dual-task gait speed, Short Physical Performance Battery (SPPB), Timed Up and Go (TUG) and 5 times Sit-to-Stand (5xStS)) tests were conducted before and after the intervention phase in order to determine training effects Results: Adherence rate was 97%, there were just two dropouts due to reasons unrelated to the study and there were no adverse events. The mean NASA TLX value was 56.2 and the mean value of the SUS was 76.7. Significant time–group interaction effects were observed for the 5xStS, the SPPB, the RTT, the Go/No-Go test and the D-KEFS 2. Discussion: Exergaming, as applied in this study, showed to be feasible, safe and likely effective for the improvement of cognitive and motor functions of PD inpatients. Because of this future randomized controlled trials with a main focus on testing the efficacy of this new intervention are warranted. Trial registration: The study has been registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (ID: NCT04872153). © 2023, The Author(s).

Jones, A. E., et al. (2024). "A protocol to determine the acceptability and feasibility of a pilot intervention emergency department virtual observation unit fall prevention program." Pilot and feasibility studies 10(1).
	Background: As a third of all community dwellers aged 65+ fall each year, falls are common reasons for older adults to present to an Emergency Department (ED). Although EDs should assess patients’ multifactorial fall risks to prevent future fall-related injuries, this frequently does not occur. We describe our protocol to determine the feasibility, acceptability, and safety of a pilot ED Virtual Observation Unit (VOU) Falls program. Methods: To ensure standardized conduct and reporting, the Standard Protocol Items for Intervention Trials (SPIRIT) guidelines will be used. The VOU is a program where patients are sent home from the ED but are part of a virtual observation unit in that they can call on-call ED physicians while they are being treated for conditions such as cellulitis, congestive heart failure, or pneumonia. A paramedic conducts daily visits with the patient and facilitates a telemedicine consult with an ED physician. VOU nursing staff conduct daily assessments of patients via telemedicine. The ED VOU Falls program is one of the VOU pathways and is a multi-component fall prevention program for fall patients who present after an ED visit. The paramedic conducts a home safety evaluation, a Timed Up and Go Test (TUG). During the VOU visit, the ED physician conducts a telemedicine visit, while the paramedic is visiting the home, to review patients' fall-risk-increasing drugs and their TUG test. We will determine feasibility by calculating rates of patient enrollment refusal, and adherence to fall-risk prevention recommendations using information from 3-month follow-up telephone calls, as well as qualitative interviews with the paramedics. We will determine the acceptability of the ED VOU Falls program based on patient and provider surveys using a Likert scale. We will ask VOU nursing staff to report any safety issues encountered while the patient is in the ED VOU Falls program (e.g., tripping hazards). We will use the chi-square test or Fisher’s exact test for categorical variables, Student’s t-test for continuous variables, and Mann-Whitney for nonparametric data. We will review interview transcripts and generate codes. Codes will then be extracted and organized into concepts to generate an overall theme following grounded theory methods. This is a pilot study; hence, results cannot be extrapolated. However, a definite trial would be the next step in the future to determine if such a program could be implemented as part of fall prevention interventions. Discussion: This study will provide insights into the feasibility and acceptability of a novel ED VOU Falls program with the aim of ultimately decreasing falls. In the future, such a program could be implemented as part of fall prevention interventions. © The Author(s) 2024.

Jones, R., et al. (2024). "Delayed center of mass feedback in elderly humans leads to greater muscle cocontraction and altered balance strategy under perturbed balance: A predictive musculoskeletal simulation study." PLOS ONE 19(5 May).
	Falls are one of the leading causes of non-disease death and injury in the elderly, often due to delayed sensory neural feedback essential for balance. This delay, challenging to measure or manipulate in human studies, necessitates exploration through neuromusculoskeletal modeling to reveal its intricate effects on balance. In this study, we developed a novel three-way muscle feedback control approach, including muscle length feedback, muscle force feedback, and enter of mass feedback, for balancing and investigated specifically the effects of center of mass feedback delay on elderly people’s balance strategies. We conducted simulations of cyclic perturbed balance at different magnitudes ranging from 0 to 80 mm and with three center of mass feedback delays (100, 150 & 200 ms). The results reveal two key points: 1) Longer center of mass feedback delays resulted in increased muscle activations and co-contraction, 2) Prolonged center of mass feedback delays led to noticeable shifts in balance strategies during perturbed standing. Under low-amplitude perturbations, the ankle strategy was predominantly used, while higher amplitude disturbances saw more frequent employment of hip and knee strategies. Additionally, prolonged center of mass delays altered balance strategies across different phases of perturbation, with a noticeable increase in overall ankle strategy usage. These findings underline the adverse effects of prolonged feedback delays on an individual’s stability, necessitating greater muscle co-contraction and balance strategy adjustment to maintain balance under perturbation. Our findings advocate for the development of training programs tailored to enhance balance reactions and mitigate muscle feedback delays within clinical or rehabilitation settings for fall prevention in elderly people. © 2024 Jones et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

Kang, D., et al. (2024). "Challenges in diagnosis of calcaneal fractures: an examination using the WIDI SIM platform." Emergency Radiology 31(5): 653-660.
	Introduction: The calcaneus is the most commonly fractured tarsal bone. Diagnosis is often challenging due to subtle radiographic changes and requires timely identification to prevent complications, including subtalar arthritis, neurovascular injury, malunion, osteomyelitis, and compartment syndrome. Treatment varies based on fracture type, with non-surgical methods for non-displaced stress fractures and surgical interventions for displaced or intra-articular fractures. Methods: This study utilized the Wisdom in Diagnostic Imaging Simulation (WIDI SIM) platform, an emergency imaging simulation designed to assess radiology resident preparedness for independent call. During an 8-hour simulation, residents were tested on 65 cases across various imaging modalities of varying complexity, including normal studies. A single, unique case of calcaneal fracture was included within the simulation in four separate years of testing. Cases were assessed using a standardized grading rubric by subspecialty radiology faculty, with errors subsequently classified by type. Results: A total of 1279 residents were tested in five separate years on the findings of calcaneal fractures of 5 different patients. Analysis revealed a consistent pattern of missed diagnoses across all training years, primarily attributed to observational errors. There was limited improvement with training progression as all training years exhibited similar average performance levels. Conclusions: Calcaneal fractures pose a diagnostic challenge due to their frequent subtle radiographic findings, especially in stress fractures. Simulation-based evaluations using WIDI SIM highlighted challenges in radiology residents’ proficiency in diagnosing calcaneal fractures. Addressing these challenges through targeted education and exposure to diverse cases is essential to improve diagnostic accuracy and reduce complications with calcaneal fractures. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to American Society of Emergency Radiology (ASER) 2024.

Kechagia, I. A., et al. (2015). "Extrapolation of enalapril efficacy from adults to children using pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic modelling." Journal of Pharmacy and Pharmacology 67(11): 1537-1545.
	Objectives To extrapolate enalapril efficacy to children 0-6 years old, a pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic (PKPD) model was built using literature data, with blood pressure as the PD endpoint. Methods A PK model of enalapril was developed from literature paediatric data up to 16 years old. A PD model of enalapril was fitted to adult literature response vs time data with various doses. The final PKPD model was validated with literature paediatric efficacy observations (diastolic blood pressure (DBP) drop after 2 weeks of treatment) in children of age 6 years and higher. The model was used to predict enalapril efficacy for ages 0-6 years. Key findings A two-compartment PK model was chosen with weight, reflecting indirectly age as a covariate on clearance and central volume. An indirect link PD model was chosen to describe drug effect. External validation of the model's capability to predict efficacy in children was successful. Enalapril efficacy was extrapolated to ages 1-11 months and 1-6 years finding the mean DBP drop 11.2 and 11.79 mmHg, respectively. Conclusions Mathematical modelling was used to extrapolate enalapril efficacy to young children to support a paediatric investigation plan targeting a paediatric-use marketing authorization application. © 2015 Royal Pharmaceutical Society.

Khalil, H., et al. (2019). "The development and pilot evaluation of virtual reality balance scenarios in people with multiple sclerosis (MS): A feasibility study." NEUROREHABILITATION 43(4): 473-482.
	Background: Balance deficits are considered a risk factor for falls in MS patients. Therefore, developing innovative approaches such as virtual reality (VR) to improve balance in MS is required. Objectives: The aims of this study were to develop and evaluate feasibility and acceptability of VR scenarios that target balance in MS using a pilot trial. Methods: Participants were randomly allocated to either a VR training (i.e. intervention group) (n=20) or a control group (n=20). Intervention group received VR training for 6 weeks. Control group received home-based traditional balance exercises without the VR. Participants were assessed at baseline and follow-up on Berg Balance Scale (BBS), Timed Up and Go (TUG), the 10 Meter Walk Test (10-MWT), the 3 Minute Walk Distance (3-MWD), the Modified Fatigue Impact Scale (MFIS) Fall Efficacy Scale- International (FES-I) and the Short Form 36 (SF-36). Results: Six VR scenarios weer developed. Sixteen participants in the intervention and 16 in the control group completed the study. Significant differences between the two groups were observed at on BBS, MFIS and several outcomes of the SF-36 survey (P<0.05). Participants reported overall level of satisfaction with the developed VR scenarios. Conclusions: Findings demonstrated the feasibility and acceptability of a VR-based program in MS individuals. Our findings support the implementation of a larger trial of longer-term VR program. © 2018 IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.

Khudolii, O. M., et al. (2015). "Factorial model of motor fitness of junior forms’ boys." Journal of Physical Education and Sport 15(3): 585-591.
	The purpose of the research is to determine factorial model of 7-9 years old boys’ motor fitness. Material and methods: in the research 7 years old boys (n=22), 8 years’ age (n=27) and 9 years’ age (n=29) participated. For determination of informative indicators of boys’ motor fitness factorial analysis by 21 testing indicators was carried out. Results of research: in factorial model of boys’ motor fitness the most important are backbone and shoulder joints’ mobility; complex manifestation of motor potentials; coordination of movements. The most informative indicators of 7 years’ boys were indicators of the following tests: index mark (0.976), side circles with stick (0.942), 30 meters’ run (0.910), frequency of arms’ movements (0.880) and static stance on one foot (0.874). For 8 years’ boys the most informative indicators o were indicators of the following tests: index mark (0.982), side circles with stick (0.918), 30 meters’ run (0.837), long jump from the spot (0.840), 300 meters’ run (0.746). The most informative indicators of 9 years’ boys were indicators of the following tests: side circles with stick (0.984); index mark (0.979); static stance on one foot (0.865); shuttle run 4х9 meters (0.826); seize of Dietrich’s falling down stick (0.830). Conclusions: factorial analysis permitted to determine model of children’s motor fitness. Informative tests for pedagogic control of boys’ motor fitness were specified. We received information, required for taking decisions in control of physical education and for working out of effective programs of children’s and adolescents’ physical training. © JPES.

Kifonidis, K., et al. (2022). "Efficacy of Exergames in Reducing the Risk of Falls of Pre-Frail and Frail Older Adults without a Systemic Disease: A Narrative Review." Critical Reviews in Physical and Rehabilitation Medicine 34(4): 75-90.
	As life expectancy continues to increase, frailty becomes more common in the older adult population. The systemic changes that occur during aging are responsible for defi-cits in balance and mobility, significantly increasing the risk of falling. Therapeutic exercise has been shown to improve strength, balance, and functional ability in older adults. The use of exergames and virtual reality (VR) offers an alternative mode of exercise for older adults. The aim of this review is to investigate current research data on the efficacy of VR games (exergames) on factors that affect the reduction of fall risk (balance, strength, and functional ability) in pre-frail and frail older adults, who are not affected by a systemic disease. The international databases Pub-Med, ScienceDirect, PEDro, and SpringerLink were searched in English with the following key words: “exergames OR virtual reality training AND balance OR falls AND old adults OR elderly.” The search was filtered for studies published in the last 5 years. A total of nine studies were included in the review for further analysis. All studies involved pre-frail and frail older adults without systemic diseases (n = 450, 71.5% women). Five exergaming studies used the Microsoft Kinect Xbox 360 console, whereas the remain-ing four used the Nintendo Wii Fit. All studies concluded that an exergaming program can be equally or more effective than a conventional therapeutic exercise program and can produce statistically significant improvements in balance, functional ability, and strength in pre-frail and frail older adults, reducing the risk of falls. Furthermore, there were indications that the inclusion of exergames in conventional therapeutic exercise programs may contribute to further improvement of exercise adaptations. The results of this review showed that exergames are an effective intervention in improving the balance of pre-frail and frail older adults and in reducing their risk of falling. © 2022 by Begell House, Inc. www.begellhouse.com.

Kim, E. J. and D. H. Kim (2018). "Effect of horse riding and horse riding simulator exercises on the balance of the elderly." Indian Journal of Public Health Research and Development 9(12): 2306-2310.
	Background/Objectives: This study aims to determine the effect of horse riding and horse riding simulator exercises on the balance of the elderly. Method/Statistical analysis: The subjects of this study were 12 male elderly who performed horse riding group 6 elderly and horse riding simulator group 6 elderly.The horse riding and horse riding simulator exercises were conducted for 30 min. twice a week for 12 weeks Findings: The study results showed that each of the groups had a significant improvement in limit of stability, functional reach test, and time up & go test before and after the intervention. In addition, the comparison results between the groups showed that there was a significant difference in limit of stability whereas no significant difference was found in functional reach test, and time up & go test. Improvements/Applications: Horse riding and horse riding simulator were effective in the balance of the elderly and there was a significant difference between each of the groups. However, the horse riding simulator can be done in the indoor, reduce a fall risk possibility and less economic burden. Thus horse riding simulation is accepted as more effective method as an intervention method to improve the elder balance ability. © 2018, Indian Journal of Public Health Research and Development. All rights reserved.

Kim, T. H., et al. (2024). "Enhancing Surgical Approach: Breakthrough Markerless Surface Registration With Augmented Reality for Zygomatic Complex Fracture Surgeries." ANNALS OF PLASTIC SURGERY 93(1): 70-73.
	Background Innovative technologies with surgical navigation have been used for enhancing surgical accuracies for zygomaticomaxillary complex (ZMC) fractures and offers advantages in precision, accuracy, effectiveness, predictability, and symmetry improvement. Moreover, augmented reality (AR) navigation technology combines virtual reality, 3-dimensional (3D) reconstruction, and real-time interaction, making it ideal for bone tissue operations. Our study explored the usefulness and clinical efficacy of AR technology in intraoperative guidance for reducing ZMC fractures. Methods We retrospectively studied 35 patients with zygomatic complex fractures, comparing outcomes of AR-guided and conventional methods. Furthermore, the AR system provided real-time visualization and guidance. The evaluation included reduction accuracy using root mean square (RMS) value and symmetry analysis using a mirror image of 3D models. Results demonstrated the feasibility and effectiveness of the AR-guided method in improving outcomes and patient satisfaction. Results In 35 patients (25 males, 10 females), AR-guided (n = 19) and conventional (n = 16) approaches were compared. Age, sex, and fracture type exhibited no significant differences between groups. No complications occurred, and postoperative RMS error significantly decreased (P < 0.001). The AR group had a lower postoperative RMS error (P = 0.034). Conclusions Augmented reality-guided surgery improved accuracy and outcomes in zygomatic complex fractures. Real-time visualization enhanced precision during reduction and fixation. This innovative approach promises enhanced surgical accuracy and patient outcomes in craniofacial surgery. © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.

Klaassen, M. A. and J. L. Aikins (2017). "The cyclops lesion after bicruciate-retaining total knee replacement." ARTHROPLASTY TODAY 3(4): 242-246.
	The cyclops lesion is a localized anterior arthrofibrosis most commonly seen following anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction. The lesion forms at the anterior cruciate ligament insertion creating a painful extension block between femoral intercondylar notch and tibial plateau. We present 2 cases (3 knees) in which cyclops lesions appeared atypically following bicruciate-retaining total knee replacement. Two lesions occurred in a single patient following bilateral knee replacement. One lesion occurred in an active sportswoman. All 3 resolved following arthroscopic debridement. We describe the presentation of this unusual complication and suggest keys to its diagnosis, treatment, and prevention. © 2017 The Authors

Kunitake, A. I., et al. (2020). "Protocol for a controlled, randomized, blind, clinical trial to assess the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation associated with balance training using games in the postural balance of elderly people." F1000Research 9.
	Aims: This study aims to evaluate the additional effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on training postural balance with the use of video games in aged. Methods: This is a blinded, randomized, controlled clinical trial protocol, with elderly people of both genders. Participants will be randomized into three training groups: Group 1 (videogame balance training), group 2 (videogame balance training associated with active tDCS), group 3 (videogame balance training associated with sham tDCS). The training will be carried out twice a week for four weeks, totaling eight sessions, and will be performed with the Nintendo Wii videogame console, using games that stimulate the postural balance associated with tDCS, with anode applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and cathode on the contralateral supraorbital region at 2 mA for 20 minutes. The postural balance will be assessed using the Mini Test of the Balance Assessment System and posturography. Evaluations will be carried out before and after eight training sessions and 30 days after the end of treatment. Discussion: Some studies show favorable results from the use of video games in improving postural balance in the elderly; however, their effect does not remain long-term. TDCS associated with other therapies can potentiate and prolong the effects of these therapies owing to its ability to stimulate neurotrophins important for neurogenesis, facilitating tasks that require attention, and helping to consolidate learning and memory. The effect of the two associated techniques on balance have not yet been tested in this population. Registration: Brazilian Registry of Clinical Trials ID U1111-1213-4266; registered on 15 October, 2018. © 2020 Kunitake AI et al.

Kwok, B. C. and Y. H. Pua (2016). "Effects of WiiActive exercises on fear of falling and functional outcomes in community-dwelling older adults: A randomised control trial." AGE AND AGEING 45(5): 621-628.
	Background: the study compares the effects of a Nintendo Wii exercise programme and a standard Gym-based exercise intervention on fear of falling, knee strength, physical function and falls rate in older adults.Methods: eighty community-dwelling adults aged 60 years and above with short physical performance battery score of 5-9 points and modified falls efficacy scale (MFES) score of ≤9 points participated in the parallel-group randomised trial. Each intervention arm involved an hour of intervention per week, totalling 12 sessions over 12 weeks. Besides 1-year fall incidence, the participants were evaluated on MFES, knee extensor strength (KES), timed-up-and-go test, gait speed, 6-minute walk test and narrow corridor walk test at weeks 13 and 24.Results: at week 13, between interventions, the effect of MFES changes did not reach statistical significance (difference = -0.07 point, 95% CI -0.56 to 0.42, P = 0.78); at week 24, the Wii group showed statistically significant effects over the Gym group (difference = 0.8 point, 95% CI 0.27 to 1.29, P < 0.01). For KES, the two groups did not differ statistically at week 13 (difference = -2.0%, 95% CI -5.6 to -1.7, P = 0.29); at week 24, the Gym group had greater strength gains than the Wii group (difference = -5.1%, 95% CI -8.7 to -1.5, P < 0.01). No between-group differences were observed for other outcome measures.Conclusion: on completion of a 12-week Nintendo Wii exercise programme, there was no significant benefit seen on fear of falling when compared to a standard Gym-based exercise intervention; however, post-intervention there was an apparent reduction in fear of falling in the group allocated to Wii training, despite knee strength apparently improving more in those allocated to the Gym. It is possible that long-term gains after using the Wii might be due to a carry-over effect. © The Author 2016. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Geriatrics Society. All rights reserved.

Larsson, K. J., et al. (2024). "A First Step Toward a Family of Morphed Human Body Models Enabling Prediction of Population Injury Outcomes." Journal of Biomechanical Engineering 146(3).
	The injury risk in a vehicle crash can depend on occupant specific factors. Virtual crash testing using finite element human body models (HBMs) to represent occupant variability can enable the development of vehicles with improved safety for all occupants. In this study, it was investigated how many HBMs of different sizes that are needed to represent a population crash outcome through a metamodel. Rib fracture risk was used as an example occupant injury outcome. Morphed HBMs representing variability in sex, height, and weight within defined population ranges were used to calculate population variability in rib fracture risk in a frontal and a side crash. Two regression methods, regularized linear regression with second-order terms and Gaussian process regression (GPR), were used to metamodel rib fracture risk due to occupant variability. By studying metamodel predictive performance as a function of training data, it was found that constructing GPR metamodels using 25 individuals of each sex appears sufficient to model the population rib fracture risk outcome in a general crash scenario. Further, by utilizing the known outcomes in the two crashes, an optimization method selected individuals representative for population outcomes across both crash scenarios. The optimization results showed that 5–7 individuals of each sex were sufficient to create predictive GPR metamodels. The optimization method can be extended for more crashes and vehicles, which can be used to identify a family of HBMs that are generally representative of population injury outcomes in future work. Copyright VC 2024 by ASME; reuse license CC-BY 4.0.

Lau, I., et al. (2021). "Clinical value of virtual reality versus 3d printing in congenital heart disease." BIOMOLECULES 11(6).
	Both three-dimensional (3D) printing and virtual reality (VR) are reported as being superior to the current visualization techniques in conveying more comprehensive visualization of congenital heart disease (CHD). However, little is known in terms of their clinical value in diagnostic assess-ment, medical education, and preoperative planning of CHD. This cross-sectional study aims to address these by involving 35 medical practitioners to subjectively evaluate VR visualization of four selected CHD cases in comparison with the corresponding 3D printed heart models (3DPHM). Six questionnaires were excluded due to incomplete sections, hence a total of 29 records were included for the analysis. The results showed both VR and 3D printed heart models were comparable in terms of the degree of realism. VR was perceived as more useful in medical education and preoperative planning compared to 3D printed heart models, although there was no significant difference in the ratings (p = 0.54 and 0.35, respectively). Twenty-one participants (72%) indicated both the VR and 3DPHM provided additional benefits compared to the conventional medical imaging visualizations. This study concludes the similar clinical value of both VR and 3DPHM in CHD, although further research is needed to involve more cardiac specialists for their views on the usefulness of these tools. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.

Lee, A., et al. (2014). "The Effects of a Nintendo Wii Exercise Intervention on Gait in Older Adults." Activities, Adaptation and Aging 38(1): 53-69.
	Gait characteristics serve as indicators of fall risk. Exercise interventions have been shown to improve gait. However, the use of interactive video games with biofeedback to reduce fall risk has not been well explored. Eighty-two older adults were randomly assigned to either a traditional fitness or Wii group. Both 10-week interventions involved 45-minute exercise sessions (3 days per week). Pre- and post-testing gait measurements were taken. Both groups significantly improved velocity, stride length, cadence, swing time, and decreased double support time (p <.05). Interactive video games offer a promising alternative to traditional group exercise for older adults. © Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.

Lee, D. and P. S. Sung (2023). "Postural adaptations within normalized stability between older adults with and without chronic low back pain." European Spine Journal 32(12): 4420-4427.
	Background: Adaptations of dynamic balance performance are related to sway excursions in older adults with chronic low back pain (LBP). However, there is a lack of understanding on postural control within different thresholds of radius from the center of pressure (COP). Purpose: This study was conducted to compare the normalized stability based on the time-in-boundary (TIB) during repeated unilateral limb standing trials between subjects with and without chronic LBP. Methods: There were 26 older adults with LBP and 39 control subjects who completed three trials of repeated unilateral limb standing on a force plat. Results: The TIB based on the seven thresholds was analyzed, and the groups demonstrated a significant interaction on thresholds for TIB (F = 8.76, p = 0.01). The TIB was significantly different in the 10 mm (F = 4.01, p = 0.04), 15 mm (F = 5.21, p = 0.03), and 20 mm (F = 4.48, p = 0.04) radius of thresholds only in the second trial. However, there was no group difference on TIB at the first and third trials due to potential compensatory and/or adaptive reactions to avoid fall risks. Conclusion: The LBP group lacked postural stability within the thresholds less than a 20 mm radius at the second trial of unilateral standing. The significant group interaction with the thresholds indicates an adaptation strategy on sway thresholds. This postural reaction from repeated trials should be considered with sway excursion adjustments and fall prevention in older adults with LB. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.

Lee, J., et al. (2019). "Reliability and feasibility of gait initiation centre-of-pressure excursions using a Wii ® Balance Board in older adults at risk of falling." AGING CLINICAL AND EXPERIMENTAL RESEARCH 31(2): 257-263.
	Background: Impairments in dynamic balance have a detrimental effect in older adults at risk of falls (OARF). Gait initiation (GI) is a challenging transitional movement. Centre of pressure (COP) excursions using force plates have been used to measure GI performance. The Nintendo Wii Balance Board (WBB) offers an alternative to a standard force plate for the measurement of CoP excursion. Aims: To determine the reliability of COP excursions using the WBB, and its feasibility within a 4-week strength and balance intervention (SBI) treating OARF. Methods: Ten OARF subjects attending SBI and ten young healthy adults, each performed three GI trials after 10 s of quiet stance from a standardised foot position (shoulder width) before walking forward 3 m to pick up an object. Averaged COP mediolateral (ML) and anteroposterior (AP) excursions (distance) and path-length time (GI-onset to first toe-off) were analysed. Results: WBB ML (0.866) and AP COP excursion (0.895) reliability (ICC 3,1 ) was excellent, and COP path-length reliability was fair (0.517). Compared to OARF, healthy subjects presented with larger COP excursion in both directions and shorter COP path length. OARF subjects meaningfully improved their timed-up-and-go and ML COP excursion between weeks 1–4, while AP COP excursions, path length, and confidence-in-balance remained stable. Discussion: COP path length and excursion directions probably measure different GI postural control attributes. Limitations in WBB accuracy and precision in transition tasks needs to be established before it can be used clinically to measure postural aspects of GI viably. Conclusions: The WBB could provide valuable clinical evaluation of balance function in OARF. © 2018, The Author(s).

Lee, J. H. and B. C. Jeong (2019). "A case study on the effects of pelvic exercise using virtual reality on balance and gait of an incomplete spinal cord injury patient." Indian Journal of Public Health Research and Development 10(11): 4463-4468.
	Background/Objectives: This study aimed to determine the effects of pelvic exercise using virtual reality on the balance and gait of an incomplete spinal cord injury patient. Methods/Statistical analysis: A pelvic exercise program using virtual reality of three sessions a week, 30 minutes per session, for 12 weeks was run for a 62-year-old man diagnosed with incomplete spinal cord injury (ASIA D) caused by a fall. A balanced performance instrument (BT4) was used to evaluate balance and a wireless motion analyzer (iSEN) was used to evaluate gait; comparative analysis was made initially and 6 weeks and 12 weeks later. Findings: Both the dynamic balance assessment and the static balance assessment showed positive changes for each time segment. The gait assessment found positive changes in each time segment. Improvements/Applications: This study has confirmed that pelvic exercise using virtual reality is effective for improving balance and gait of an incomplete spinal cord injury patient. © 2019, Indian Journal of Public Health Research and Development. All rights reserved.

Lee, K., et al. (2024). "Effects of community-based fall prevention interventions for older adults using information and communication technology: A systematic review and meta-analysis." HEALTH INFORMATICS JOURNAL 30(2).
	Objectives: This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to investigate the effect of fall prevention interventions using information and communication technology (ICT). Methods: A comprehensive search across four databases was performed. The inclusion criteria were fall prevention interventions including telehealth, computerized balance training, exergaming, mobile application education, virtual reality exercise, and cognitive-behavioral training for community-dwelling adults aged ≥60 years. Results: Thirty-four studies were selected. Telehealth, smart home systems, and exergames reduced the risk of falls (RR = 0.63, 95% CI [0.54, 0.75]). Telehealth and exergame improved balance (MD = 3.30, 95% CI [1.91, 4.68]; MD = 4.40, 95% CI [3.09, 5.71]). Telehealth improved physical function (SMD = 0.69, 95% CI [0.23, 1.16]). Overall, ICT fall interventions improved fall efficacy but not cognitive function. For quality of life (QOL), mixed results were found depending on the assessment tools. Conclusion: Future investigations on telehealth, smart home systems, or exergames are needed to motivate older adults to exercise and prevent falls. © The Author(s) 2024.

Liao, Y. Y., et al. (2019). "Effects of virtual reality-based physical and cognitive training on executive function and dual-task gait performance in older adults with mild cognitive impairment: A randomized control trial." FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 10(JUL).
	Background: Walking while performing cognitive and motor tasks simultaneously interferes with gait performance and may lead to falls in older adults with mild cognitive impairment (MCI). Executive function, which seems to play a key role in dual-task gait performance, can be improved by combined physical and cognitive training. Virtual reality (VR) has the potential to assist rehabilitation, and its effect on physical and cognitive function requires further investigation. The purpose of this study was to assess the effects of VR-based physical and cognitive training on executive function and dual-task gait performance in older adults with MCI, as well as to compare VR-based physical and cognitive training with traditional combined physical and cognitive training. Method: Thirty-four community-dwelling older adults with MCI were randomly assigned into either a VR-based physical and cognitive training (VR) group or a combined traditional physical and cognitive training (CPC) group for 36 sessions over 12 weeks. Outcome measures included executive function [Stroop Color and Word Test (SCWT) and trail making test (TMT) A and B], gait performance (gait speed, stride length, and cadence) and dual-task costs (DTCs). Walking tasks were performed during single-task walking, walking while performing serial subtraction (cognitive dual task), and walking while carrying a tray (motor dual task). The GAIT Up system was used to evaluate gait parameters including speed, stride length, cadence and DTCs. DTC were defined as 100 * (single-task gait parameters − dual-task gait parameters)/single-task gait parameters. Results: Both groups showed significant improvements in the SCWT and single-task and motor dual-task gait performance measures. However, only the VR group showed improvements in cognitive dual-task gait performance and the DTC of cadence. Moreover, the VR group showed more improvements than the CPC group in the TMT-B and DTC of cadence with borderline significances. Conclusion: A 12-week VR-based physical and cognitive training program led to significant improvements in dual-task gait performance in older adults with MCI, which may be attributed to improvements in executive function. © 2019 Liao, Chen, Lin, Chen and Hsu. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (CC BY). The use, distribution or reproduction in other forums is permitted, provided the original author(s) and the copyright owner(s) are credited and that the original publication in this journal is cited, in accordance with accepted academic practice. No use, distribution or reproduction is permitted which does not comply with these terms.

Lim, J., et al. (2017). "Design of virtual reality training program for prevention of falling in the elderly: A pilot study on complex versus balance exercises." EUROPEAN JOURNAL OF INTEGRATIVE MEDICINE 15: 64-67.
	Introduction Virtual reality (VR) exercises have been investigated as a rehabilitation paradigm to reduce the risk of falling in the elderly. This study aimed to compare a VR program consisted of complex exercises and that of balance exercises. Methods The study was a single-blind, randomized, comparative trial conducted over 5 weeks. Twenty subjects over 65 years of age were divided into a complex exercise with virtual reality (CEVR) group and a balance exercise with virtual reality (BEVR) group. CEVR consisted of strengthening, flexibility, endurance, and balance exercises, while BEVR focused on balance exercises only. Before and after 10 times of 1 h training sessions, we measured isokinetic peak torque and total work of knee muscles using a dynamometer. The Timed Up & Go (TUG) test was also conducted to evaluate dynamic balance. Results Knee extension peak torque was significantly enhanced only in the CEVR group (p < 0.05), but there was no difference between groups. Both groups showed significant improvement of dynamic balance measured by TUG after training sessions, but the CEVR group exhibited greater improvement than the BEVR group (p < 0.05). Conclusions Our findings demonstrate the superiority of the virtual reality training with a complex exercise program to improve balance and muscle strength in the elderly when compared to the BEVR. As a training for prevention of falling in the elderly, we recommend a virtual reality program including various exercises for strength, endurance, balance, and flexibility. © 2017

Lin, Y. F., et al. (2022). "A Pilot Study of Interactive-Video Games in People with Mild Cognitive Impairment." INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 19(6).
	Early preventive strategies for improving cognitive function are crucial for people with mild cognitive impairment (MCI). Cognitive training exercises may improve cognitive functioning. However, there was limited evidence from training programs that combined cognitive-specific and physical activities, particularly in using interactive video games as interventions. This study aimed to evaluate the feasibility and effects of the interactive-video games on cognitive function, physical function, mood status and quality of life in community-dwelling people with MCI. A quasi-experimental study was undertaken. Participants in the intervention group received 60 min group-based training program once per week for 12 weeks. A generalised estimating equation (GEE) was used to examine the main effect, interactions and changes in outcomes over time. Sixteen participants completed the trial with eight in the intervention group and eight in the comparison group. The tolerable acceptance rate, perfect attendance rate, high satisfaction with the training content, and no injuries or falls demonstrated the feasibility of this program. The scores of cognitive function increased in both groups and the interaction between time and groups were significant over 12 weeks of training (p < 0.05). As the result, we determined that interactive-video games can be a safe, feasible, enjoyable intervention and user-friendly among people with MCI in community settings. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.

Liu, C. L., et al. (2022). "Effects of Exergaming-Based Tai Chi on Cognitive Function and Dual-Task Gait Performance in Older Adults With Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Randomized Control Trial." FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 14.
	Background: Declined cognitive function interferes with dual-task walking ability and may result in falls in older adults with mild cognitive impairment (MCI). The mind-body exercise, Tai Chi (TC), improves cognition and dual-task ability. Exergaming is low-cost, safe, highly scalable, and feasible. Whether the effects of exergaming-based TC is beneficial than traditional TC has not been investigated yet. Objectives: The objective of this study was to investigate effects of exergaming-based TC on cognitive function and dual-task walking among older adults with MCI. Methods: Fifty patients with MCI were randomly assigned to an exergaming-based TC (EXER-TC) group, a traditional TC (TC) group, or a control group. The EXER-TC and TC groups received 36 training sessions (three, 50-min sessions per week) during a 12-week period. The control group received no intervention and were instructed to maintain their usual daily physical activities. The outcome variables measured included those related to cognitive function, dual-task cost (DTC), and gait performance. Results: The EXER-TC and TC groups performed better than the control group on the Chinese version of the Stroop Color and Word Test, the Trail Making Test Parts A and B, the one-back test, gait speed, and DTC of gait speed in cognitive dual-task conditions after training. However, there were no significant differences between the EXER-TC and TC groups. Compared with the control group, only the EXER-TC group experienced beneficial effects for the Montreal Cognitive Assessment. Conclusion: EXER-TC was comparable to traditional TC for enhancement of dual-task gait performance and executive function. These results suggested that the EXER-TC approach has potential therapeutic use in older adults with MCI. Copyright © 2022 Liu, Cheng, Wei and Liao.

Maghami, E., et al. (2021). "Fracture behavior of human cortical bone: Role of advanced glycation end-products and microstructural features." JOURNAL OF BIOMECHANICS 125.
	Diabetes is associated with increased fracture risk in human bone, especially in the elderly population. In the present study, we investigate how simulated advanced glycation end-products (AGEs) and materials heterogeneity affect crack growth trajectory in human cortical bone. We used a phase field fracture framework on 2D models of cortical microstructure created from human tibias to analyze crack propagation. The increased AGEs level results in a higher rate of crack formation. The simulations also indicate that the mismatch between the fracture properties (e.g., critical energy release rate) of osteons and interstitial tissue can alter the post-yielding behavior. The results show that if the critical energy release rate of cement lines is lower than that of osteons and the surrounding interstitial matrix, cracks can be arrested by cement lines. Additionally, activation of toughening mechanisms such as crack merging and branching depends on bone microstructural morphology (i.e., osteons geometrical parameters, canals, and lacunae porosities). In conclusion, the present findings suggest that materials heterogeneity of microstructural features and the crack-microstructure interactions can play important roles in bone fragility. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd

Maier, J., et al. (2019). "Force-feedback assisted and virtual fixtures based K-wire drilling simulation." COMPUTERS IN BIOLOGY AND MEDICINE 114.
	One common method to fix fractures of the human hand after an accident is an osteosynthesis with Kirschner wires (K-wires) to stabilize the bone fragments. The insertion of K-wires is a delicate minimally invasive surgery, because surgeons operate almost without a sight. Since realistic training methods are time consuming, costly and insufficient, a virtual-reality (VR) based training system for the placement of K-wires was developed. As part of this, the current work deals with the real-time bone drilling simulation using a haptic force-feedback device. To simulate the drilling, we introduce a virtual fixture based force-feedback drilling approach. By decomposition of the drilling task into individual phases, each phase can be handled individually to perfectly control the drilling procedure. We report about the related finite state machine (FSM), describe the haptic feedback of each state and explain, how to avoid jerking of the haptic force-feedback during state transition. The usage of the virtual fixture approach results in a good haptic performance and a stable drilling behavior. This was confirmed by 26 expert surgeons, who evaluated the virtual drilling on the simulator and rated it as very realistic. To make the system even more convincing, we determined real drilling feed rates through experimental pig bone drilling and transferred them to our system. Due to a constant simulation thread we can guarantee a precise drilling motion. Virtual fixtures based force-feedback calculation is able to simulate force-feedback assisted bone drilling with high quality and, thus, will have a great potential in developing medical applications. © 2019 The Authors

Maixnerová, E., et al. (2017). "The effect of balance therapy on postural stability in a group of seniors using active video games (Nintendo wii)." Journal of Physical Education and Sport 17(2): 735-739.
	Impaired postural stability increases the risk of falls. Therefore, the aim of this study was to analyse the lasting effects of a training intervention using a Nintendo Wii system on impaired postural stability in an elderly population. Thirty-two elderly subjects (24 females and 4 males) from two independent living communities were divided into Wii Fit (n = 15, 9 therapy sessions using Wii Fit balance board) and control (n = 13) groups. All participants performed three different stances on force plates, which are considered the gold standard for measuring balance performance. Each stance was measured three times in the following sequence: a natural bipedal stance with eyes open, a bipedal stance with a narrow base, and a natural bipedal stance with eyes closed. One-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) and LSD Fisher’s post hoc tests were used with the level of significance set at 5%. Effect size was determined using ŋ². The results showed a significant difference in the centre of pressure velocity in the anterior-posterior direction between the baseline and post-treatment measurements (post-intervention and follow up) for all measured conditions in Wii Fit Group. The control group did not show any significant differences between measurements. The results of this study suggest that using the Nintendo Wii is an effective physical activity for improving balance in the elderly and that the effects of balance therapy on postural stability persist for several weeks after intervention. © JPES.

Mangin, M. (2021). "Effectiveness of virtual reality rehabilitation in reducing fear of falling: A review of the literature." Kinesitherapie 21(240): 3-10.
	Context: Fear of falling is a major concern among elderly. Innovative interventions to improve it are needed. In the meantime, virtual reality has been successfully used in many areas of rehabilitation. Objective: The aim of this review is to study the effectiveness of immersive virtual reality to reduce the fear of falling compared to conventional therapy or non-intervention. Data sources: 10 databases were searched: Web of Science, EMBASE, PUBMED, CINAHL, Cochrane Library, PEDro, Kinedoc, Lissa, JBI, PsycInfo, and ScieELO. Only clinical trials responding to PICOS were included. Review method: The review was performed using the PRISMA checklist. The quality of the studies was rated with the PEDro scale. A form based on the Cochrane Library recommendations was used for extraction. Results: Three studies were selected and evaluated. We found that virtual reality has positive effects on fear of falling compared to non-intervention and most of conventional interventions. Conclusion: The review suggests that virtual reality is effective in reducing fear of falling. Although it appears promising, the results must be interpreted with caution due to the number of articles, their low quality and the high risk of bias. Level of evidence: 2. © 2021 Elsevier Masson SAS; Contexte: La peur de chuter est une préoccupation importante chez les personnes âgées. Des interventions innovantes pour l'améliorer sont nécessaires. En parallèle, la réalité virtuelle a été utilisée avec succès dans de nombreux domaines de la rééducation. Objectif: Le but de cette revue était d’étudier l'efficacité de la réalité virtuelle immersive pour réduire la peur de chuter en comparaison à un traitement standard ou à l'absence d'intervention. Sources des données: La recherche a été effectuée sur les bases de données Web of Science, EMBASE, PUBMED, CINAHL, Cochrane Library, PEDro, Kinedoc, Lissa, JBI, PsycInfo, et ScieELO. Seuls les essais cliniques répondant au PICOS ont été retenus. Méthode: La revue a été effectuée en utilisant la liste de contrôle PRISMA. La qualité des essais a été évaluée avec l’échelle PEDro. Un formulaire basé sur les recommandations de la Cochrane Library a été utilisé pour l'extraction des données. Résultats: Trois essais ont été retenus et évalués. La réalité virtuelle a des effets positifs sur la peur de chuter par rapport à la non-intervention et à la plupart des interventions conventionnelles. Conclusion: La revue suggère que la réalité virtuelle est efficace pour diminuer la peur de chuter. Même si elle paraît prometteuse, les résultats doivent être interprétés avec prudence en raison du nombre d'articles, de leur faible qualité et du risque de biais élevé. Niveau de preuve: 2. © 2021 Elsevier Masson SAS

Manser, P., et al. (2023). "Feasibility, usability, and acceptance of “Brain-IT”—A newly developed exergame-based training concept for the secondary prevention of mild neurocognitive disorder: a pilot randomized controlled trial." FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 15.
	Background: Exergames provide a promising new approach to implement simultaneous motor–cognitive training, which may support preventing the decline in cognitive functioning in older adults who have a mild neurocognitive disorder (mNCD). Objectives: To evaluate feasibility, system usability, and acceptance of “Brain-IT”, a newly developed training concept combining exergame-based motor-cognitive training and heart rate variability (HRV) guided resonance breathing for the secondary prevention of mNCD. Methods: A pilot randomized controlled trial (RCT) with an allocation ratio of 2:1 (i.e., intervention:control) was conducted. The control group proceeded with usual care. The intervention group performed a 12-week training according to the “Brain-IT” training concept implemented with the “Senso Flex” (Dividat AG) exergaming system in addition to usual care. Feasibility and usability outcomes were analyzed using descriptive statistics. User acceptance was analyzed qualitatively and using Friedman analysis of variance (ANOVA), as well as Wilcoxon signed-rank tests. Results: Eighteen participants (77.3 ± 9.8 years; 44.4% females) were included. On average, we recruited 2.2 participants per month, and 35.3% of the individuals contacted were included. The intervention group had an attrition rate of 20% and mean adherence and compliance rates of 85.0 and 84.1%, respectively. The mean system usability score, measured with the system usability scale, was 71.7. High levels of exergame enjoyment, an increase in exergame enjoyment, and internalization of training motivation with large effect sizes (p = 0.03, r = 0.75 and p = 0.03, r = 0.74, respectively), as well as acceptable perceived usefulness, were observed. Preliminary data on the effects of the “Brain-IT” training are promising. Conclusion: The feasibility and usability of the “Brain-IT” training are acceptable. However, frequent occurrences of technical problems and difficulties in using the exergame training system were identified as barriers to performing the “Brain-IT” training. To optimize feasibility, either improvements or alternative solutions are required in the hardware and software of the exergame used to implement the “Brain-IT” training. The “Brain-IT” training itself was well-accepted by older adults who have mNCD. Therefore, the effectiveness of the “Brain-IT” training concept should be investigated in future studies. Trial registration: clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04996654. Copyright © 2023 Manser, Poikonen and de Bruin.

Marivan, K., et al. (2016). "Rehabilitation of the psychomotor consequences of falling in an elderly population: A pilot study to evaluate feasibility and tolerability of virtual reality training." TECHNOLOGY AND HEALTH CARE 24(2): 169-175.
	BACKGROUND: A fall in elderly subjects can lead to serious psychological consequences. These symptoms can develop into Fear of Falling with behavioural disorders comparable to PTSD that may severely limit autonomy. Virtual reality training (VRT) could be seen as a worthwhile therapeutic approach for this syndrome since it has been shown to be a useful tool for motor rehabilitation or combat-related PTSD.We thus developed a training scenario for VRT with psychomotor therapists. OBJECTIVE: To test the feasibility and acceptability of VRT when used by elderly adults for fall rehabilitation. METHODS: Our population of 8 patients older than 75 years, with a Mini Mental Score Examination greater than 18/30 performed sessions of VRT and answered a questionnaire on the feasibility and acceptability of it. RESULTS: This sample showed a highly favourable response to the prototype of VRT. They found it easy to use, enjoyed the experience, and thought it realistic and helpful. CONCLUSION: The conclusions of our study are limited by sample size. However, applications with VRT can offer the potential of an acceptable technique for elderly subjects. The next step will be to show the efficacy of this method in the management of post-fall PTSD. © 2016 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.

Martinez, M. and P. L. De Leon (2020). "Falls Risk Classification of Older Adults Using Deep Neural Networks and Transfer Learning." IEEE JOURNAL OF BIOMEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATICS 24(1): 144-150.
	Prior research in falls risk classification using inertial sensors has relied on the use of engineered features, which has resulted in a feature space containing hundreds of features that are likely redundant and possibly irrelevant. In this paper, we propose using fully convolutional neural networks (FCNNs) to classify older adults at low or high risk of falling using inertial sensor data collected from a smartphone. Due to the limited nature of older adult inertial gait datasets, we first pre-train the FCNN models using a publicly available dataset for pedestrian activity recognition. Then via transfer learning, we train the network for falls risk classification. We show that via transfer learning, our falls risk classifier obtains an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 93.3%, which is 10.6%higher than the equivalent model trained without the use of transfer learning. Additionally, we show that our method outperforms other standard machine learning classifiers trained on features developed in prior research. © 2013 IEEE.

Martins, A. C., et al. (2020). "Effects of a “modified” otago exercise program on the functional abilities and social participation of older adults living in the community—the aga@4life model." INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH AND PUBLIC HEALTH 17(4).
	Strength and balance exercises form part of multifactorial programs to reduce the risk of falling and promote active ageing. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of a strength and balance exercise program, adapted from the traditional Otago Exercise Program (OTAGO) into a technological system. A non-randomized experimental study enrolled 34 participants (83.24 ± 6.89 years) from a daycare center in Portugal, who were distributed into an intervention group (IG; 18 participants) and a control group (CG; 16 participants). The IG underwent a “modified” OTAGO incorporated in a technological system using pressure and inertial sensors, feedback, and Exergames for 8 weeks, 3 times a week. The CG continued their regular activities. Outcome measures were evaluated at baseline and after 8 weeks of intervention. After the program, differences were observed between the groups in handgrip strength (p = 0.03), step test (p = 0.03), 4stage balance test “modified” (p < 0.001) and activities and participation profile related to mobility (PAPM) (p < 0.001). The IG showed positive results in the self-efficacy for exercise (p = 0.03), PAPM (p = 0.00) and all functional tests, except for timed up and go (p = 0.35). No significant changes were observed in the CG. The results support this intervention program as a good exercise solution to improve functional abilities, social participation, and self-efficacy, reducing the risk of falling. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.

Mayne, I. P., et al. (2016). "Development and assessment of a distal radial fracture model as a clinical teaching tool." Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery - American Volume 98(5): 410-416.
	Background: Simulation-based learning is increasingly prevalent in the curricula of many surgical training programs. Newly developed simulators must undergo rigorous validity testing before they are used to assess and evaluate surgical trainees. We describe the development of a model that simulates a distal radial fracture requiring closed reduction and cast application and demonstrate its validity. Methods: We developed a model for simulated treatment of a distal radial fracture with use of a modified Sawbones forearm. Ten junior and ten senior orthopaedic residentswere videotaped performing a closed reduction and applying a cast on themodel. After each procedure, standard anteroposterior and lateral radiographs of the forearm model were obtained. Two blinded orthopaedic surgeons then rated each resident using a task-specific checklist (Objective Structured Assessment of Technical Skills [OSATS]) and a global rating scale (GRS) as well as radiographic measurements of palmar tilt and three-point index. Results: Compared with the junior residents, senior residents had significantly higher OSATS (p < 0.001) and GRS scores (p < 0.001). The groups did not differ significantly with respect to radiographic palmar tilt (p = 0.86) and three-point index (p = 0.43). All residents were able to restore anatomical alignment, with a mean palmar tilt of 9.1 . In addition, the mean threepoint index of all residents was acceptable (0.76). There was a strong correlation between OSATS and GRS scores (r > 0.87; p < 0.01). The inter-rater reliability was high (≥0.79) for the OSATS, GRS, and radiographic measurements. Conclusions: We developed an educational model that simulates a distal radial fracture requiring closed reduction and cast application. We demonstrated construct validity, as the GRS and OSATS tools were able to differentiate senior from junior residents. We were unable to differentiate trainees using radiographic assessment, as all residents restored anatomical alignment and had comparable three-point index scores. © 2016 by the Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery, Incorporated.

Michnik, R., et al. (2017). "Effectiveness of avoiding collision with an object in motion – Virtual reality technology in diagnostic and training from perspective of prophylactic of body injuries." ARCHIVES OF BUDO 13: 203-210.
	Background and Aim: People older than 60 years, with dysfunctions of musculoskeletal or motor system, impaired vision or hearing etc. are in a group of higher risk of collisions with objects in motion, which suddenly are heading towards their body (cyclists, runners, thrown an object, intentional punch or kick etc.). This study aims to verify compensation possibilities of this category of threats by a person who is cumulating a few factors of higher risk of collision with an object in motion heading toward his head, but on the other hand, having a longstanding adaptation for this kind of threats. Material and Methods: Two men have been subjected to the study: a man A 68-years-old and man B 27-years-old. Measurements have been performed with the use of MVN Biomech System (XSENS). Application projects a ball with a diameter of 12 cm, which fly with constant velocity (three trials; 10-, 6-and 3 m/s) alongside axis perpendicular to a frontal plane on the height the head and legs of the participant in an initial moment. Results: Man B avoided collision head with an object in motion three times. Man A avoided it only with a velocity of 3 m/s. Mean time of reaction of man A was 0.407 ±0.27s and was 35% longer than man B (0.263 ±0.05s). Man A performed body rotation faster (0.870 ±0.636s) than B (1.133 ±0.054s); moves his centre of mass more efficiently in the frontal plane (5.953 ±0.034deg) and sagittal plane (6.185 ±0.959deg) than man B (9.825 ±2.909deg) and (13.001 ±0.451deg). Man A managed to avoid collision with a ball with a diameter of 12 cm for the left knee at the highest velocity (10 m/s). Man B did not avoid collision nor for the left or right knee in the same circumstances. Kinematic trajectory for following velocities registered for 27 years old man differs significantly. Conclusion: Positive adaptation effects for 68 years old man (most of the analysed time graphs of kinematics quantities were similar) is an empiric proof, that some category of “life sports” guarantee an optimal level of motor safety to a late elderly. Furthermore, adequately adapted virtual reality technology could be an effective and attractive tool for enhancing training of avoiding collisions on small space (in the apartment, garage etc.) despite weather or other circumstances. © 2017 the Authors.

Molhemi, F., et al. (2021). "Effects of Virtual Reality vs Conventional Balance Training on Balance and Falls in People With Multiple Sclerosis: A Randomized Controlled Trial." ARCHIVES OF PHYSICAL MEDICINE AND REHABILITATION 102(2): 290-299.
	Objective: To assess the efficacy of virtual reality (VR)-based vs conventional balance training on the improvement of balance and reduction of falls in people with multiple sclerosis (PwMS). Design: Single-blinded, randomized, controlled trial. Setting: Musculoskeletal Rehabilitation Research Center, Ahvaz Jundishapur University of Medical Sciences. Participants: PwMS (N=39), randomized into VR (n=19) and control (n=20) groups. Intervention: The VR group performed exergames using Kinect, while the control group accomplished conventional balance exercises. Both groups received 18 training sessions for 6 weeks. Main Outcome Measures: Limits of stability, timed Up and Go (TUG) test, and 10-m walk tests with and without cognitive task and their dual-task costs (DTCs), Berg Balance Scale, Multiple Sclerosis Walking Scale-12, Fall Efficacy Scale-International, Activities-specific Balance Confidence Scale, and fall history were obtained pre- and post intervention and after a 3-month follow-up. Results: At both post intervention and follow-up, TUGcognitive and DTCs on the TUG were significantly lower and the 10-m walkcognitive was significantly higher in the VR group. At follow-up, reaction time and the number of falls demonstrated significant differences favoring the VR group, whereas the directional control revealed significant difference in favor of the control group (P<.05). The other outcomes showed no statistically significant difference at post intervention or follow-up. Conclusions: Both the VR-based and conventional balance exercises improved balance and mobility in PwMS, while each acted better in improving certain aspects. VR-based training was more efficacious in enhancing cognitive-motor function and reducing falls, whereas conventional exercises led to better directional control. Further studies are needed to confirm the effectiveness of recruiting VR-based exercises in clinical settings. © 2020 American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine

Mollà-Casanova, S., et al. (2023). "Effect of virtual running with exercise on functionality in pre-frail and frail elderly people: randomized clinical trial." AGING CLINICAL AND EXPERIMENTAL RESEARCH 35(7): 1459-1467.
	Background: Virtual mirror therapies could increase the results of exercise, since the mirror neuron system produces an activation of motor execution cortical areas by observing actions performed by others. In this way, pre-frail and frail people could use this system to reach an exercise capacity threshold and obtain health benefits. Aim: The aim of this study is to evaluate the effects of a virtual running (VR) treatment combined with specific physical gait exercise (PE) compared to placebo VR treatment combined with PE on functionality, pain, and muscular tone in pre-frail and frail older persons. Methods: A single blinded, two-arm, randomised controlled trial design was employed. Thirty-eight participants were divided into two intervention arms: Experimental Intervention (EI) group, in which VR and gait-specific physical exercises were administered and Control Intervention (CI) group, in which a placebo virtual gait and the same exercise programme was administered. Functionality, pain, and tone were assessed. Results: EI group improved in aerobic capacity, functional lower-limb strength, reaction time, and pain, while CI group remained the same. Regarding static balance and muscle tone, no differences were found for either group. Further analysis is needed to asses VR effectiveness for improving gait, stand-up and sit-down performance and velocity. Conclusions: Virtual running therapy appears to enhance capacities related with voluntary movements (i.e., aerobic capacity, functional lower-limb strength, and reaction time) and reduce pain. © 2023, The Author(s).

Money, A. G., et al. (2019). "Falls Sensei: A serious 3D exploration game to enable the detection of extrinsic home fall hazards for older adults." BMC MEDICAL INFORMATICS AND DECISION MAKING 19(1).
	Background: Falls are the main cause of death and injury for older adults in the UK. Many of these falls occur within the home as a result of extrinsic falls risk factors such as poor lighting, loose/uneven flooring, and clutter. Falls education plays an important role in self-management education about extrinsic hazards and is typically delivered via information leaflets, falls apps, and educational booklets. Serious games have the potential of delivering an engaging and informative alternative to traditional methods but almost exclusively, these are currently delivered as exergaming applications that focus solely on intrinsic falls risk factors. This study presents 'Falls Sensei' a first-person 3D exploration game that aims to educate older adults about extrinsic falls risk factors within the home environment. After presenting Falls Sensei, game usability and older adults' perceptions and attitudes towards using the game in practice are explored. Methods: This study involved 15 community dwelling older adults. After playing the Falls Sensei game, participants completed a Systems Usability Scale (SUS) questionnaire and post task interview, and follow-up interviews three weeks later. Inductive and deductive thematic template analysis, informed by the Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology model, was used to analyse the think-aloud, post-task and follow-up interview transcripts. Descriptive statistical analysis and one-sampled t-tests were used to analyse log-file data and SUS responses. Results: Three high-level themes emerged from the analysis of transcriptions: Performance Expectancy; Effort Expectancy; Social Influence. The SUS score was 77.5/100 which indicates 'Good' levels of usability. Interestingly, reported usability of the game increased with participant age. Participants were positive about the usability of the game (p < = 0.05 for 9/10 items). The most memorable fall hazards were those most commonly encountered in the game or those most challenging to participants. Conclusions: The results support the use of serious games as an engaging tool for educating older adults about extrinsic falls risk factors. Awareness of home hazard detection was raised by the game, and some older adults became more aware for the need to adapt their own homes after gameplay. Further research would be needed to draw comparisons with established interventions. © 2019 The Author(s).

Montero-Aliá, P., et al. (2016). "Study protocol of a randomized clinical trial evaluating the effectiveness of a primary care intervention using the Nintendo™ Wii console to improve balance and decrease falls in the elderly Physical functioning, physical health and activity." BMC GERIATRICS 16(1).
	Background: Balance alteration is a risk factor for falls in elderly individuals that has physical, psychological and economic consequences. The objectives of this study are to evaluate the usefulness of an intervention utilizing the Nintendo™ Wii console in order to improve balance, thereby decreasing both the fear of falling as well as the number of falls, and to evaluate the correlation between balance as determined by the console and the value obtained in the Tinetti tests and the one foot stationary test. Methods/Design: This is a controlled, randomized clinical trial of individual assignment, carried out on patients over 70 years in age, from five primary care centers in the city of Mataró (Barcelona). 380 patients were necessary for the intervention group that carried out the balance board exercises in 2 sessions per week for a 3 month period, and 380 patients in the control group who carried out their usual habits. Balance was evaluated using the Tinetti test, the one foot stationary test and with the console, at the start of the study, at the end of the intervention (3 months) and one year later. Quarterly telephone follow-up was also conducted to keep track of falls and their consequences. Discussion: The study aimed to connect the community with a technology that may be an easy and fun way to assist the elderly in improving their balance without the need to leave home or join rehabilitation groups, offering greater comfort for this population and decreasing healthcare costs since there is no need for specialized personnel. Trial registration: Current Control Trial NCT02570178. © 2016 Montero-Aliá et al.

Moon, S., et al. (2021). "Proof-of-Concept of the Virtual Reality Comprehensive Balance Assessment and Training for Sensory Organization of Dynamic Postural Control." FRONTIERS IN BIOENGINEERING AND BIOTECHNOLOGY 9.
	Accurate quantification of the impact of visual, somatosensory, and vestibular systems on postural control may inform tailor-made balance intervention strategies. The aim of this proof-of-concept study was to determine the safety, sense of presence, system usability, and face validity of a newly developed Virtual Reality Comprehensive Balance Assessment and Training (VR-ComBAT) in healthy young individuals. The VR-ComBAT included six balance condition: (1) stable surface with fixed virtual reality (VR) surroundings; (2) stable surface with blacked out VR surroundings; (3) stable surface with VR visual conflict; (4) unstable surface with fixed VR surroundings; (5) unstable surface with blacked out VR surroundings; and (6) unstable surface with VR visual conflict. Safety was evaluated using the number of adverse events, including scores on the Simulator Sickness Questionnaire. Sense of presence was evaluated using the igroup Presence Questionnaire (iPQ). System usability was assessed using the Systems Usability Scale (SUS). Friedman analyses with post hoc Wilcoxon Signed Rank tests were employed to demonstrate face validity by quantifying center of pressure (COP) changes in mean distance, mean velocity, and mean frequency in the anteroposterior (AP) and mediolateral (ML) direction across the six conditions. Twenty-three participants (27.4 ± 8.0 years old; 13 women) reported no adverse events. Participants scores on average 44.9 ± 9.6 on the iPQ and 79.7 ± 9.9 on the SUS. Post hoc analyses showed significant changes in COP-based measures when compared to baseline. The mean frequency change of COP showed direction-dependence in which increased frequency change in AP was observed while decreased change in ML was noted. The VR-ComBAT provides a safe, feasible, and cost-effective VR environment that demonstrates consistent sensory re-weighting between visual, somatosensory, and vestibular systems. Future studies should investigate whether VR-ComBAT can be used to inform precision rehabilitation of balance and fall prevention in older adults without and with neurological conditions. © Copyright © 2021 Moon, Huang, Sadeghi, Akinwuntan and Devos.

Moorman, M., et al. (2017). "A competency-based simulation curriculum for surgical resident trauma resuscitation skills." International journal of critical illness and injury science 7(4): 241-247.
	Background: Evidence-based curricula for nonprocedural simulation training in general surgery are lacking. Residency programs are required to implement simulation training despite this shortcoming. The goal of this project was the development of a simulation curriculum that measurably improves milestone performance and replaces traditional experienced-based training with a competency-based model. Materials and Methods: SimMan 3G® (Laerdal Medical, Wappingers Falls, NY, USA) was utilized for simulation. Needs assessment targeted trauma and shock resuscitation. Scenario design applied deliberate practice methodology. Learner performance data included items such as identification of shock physiology, resuscitation products used, volume delivered, use of resuscitation end-points, and knowledge of massive transfusion. Characteristics essential for a successful program were tabulated. Results: Forty-eight residents in postgraduate year (PGY) 2-5 participated representing 100% of the 48 eligible for the training. Senior residents (PGY 4 and 5) demonstrated near universal improvement. Junior residents (PGY 2 and 3) improved in some areas but showed more skill decay between sessions. Overall, milestone performance improved with each training session, and resident feedback was universally positive. Conclusions: This prototype curriculum improved surgical resident competency in shock resuscitation in a simulated patient care environment. It can be modified to accommodate centers with fewer resources and can be implemented by clinical faculty. The essential characteristics of a successful program are identified.

Morrison, S., et al. (2018). "Supervised Balance Training and Wii Fit–Based Exercises Lower Falls Risk in Older Adults With Type 2 Diabetes." JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN MEDICAL DIRECTORS ASSOCIATION 19(2): 185.e187-185.e113.
	Objectives: This study examined the benefits of and differences between 12 weeks of thrice-weekly supervised balance training and an unsupervised at-home balance activity (using the Nintendo Wii Fit) for improving balance and reaction time and lowering falls risk in older individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Design: Before-after trial. Setting: University research laboratory, home environment. Participants: Sixty-five older adults with type 2 diabetes were recruited for this study. Participants were randomly allocated to either supervised balance training (mean age 67.8 ± 5.2) or unsupervised training using the Nintendo Wii Fit balance board (mean age 66.1 ± 5.6). Intervention: The training period for both groups lasted for 12 weeks. Individuals were required to complete three 40-minute sessions per week for a total of 36 sessions. Measurement: The primary outcome measure was falls risk, which was as derived from the physiological profile assessment. In addition, measures of simple reaction time, lower limb proprioception, postural sway, knee flexion, and knee extension strength were also collected. Persons also self-reported any falls in the previous 6 months. Results: Both training programs resulted in a significant lowering of falls risk (P <.05). The reduced risk was attributable to significant changes in reaction times for the hand (P <.05), foot (P <.01), lower-limb proprioception (P <.01), and postural sway (P <.05). Conclusions: Overall, training led to a decrease in falls risk, which was driven by improvements in reaction times, lower limb proprioception, and general balance ability. Interestingly, the reduced falls risk occurred without significant changes in leg strength, suggesting that interventions to reduce falls risk that target intrinsic risk factors related to balance control (over muscle strength) may have positive benefits for the older adult with T2DM at risk for falls. © 2017 AMDA – The Society for Post-Acute and Long-Term Care Medicine

Müller, H., et al. (2024). "Exergaming interventions for older adults: The effect of game characteristics on gameplay." EXPERIMENTAL GERONTOLOGY 197.
	Purpose: Exergames can be used to train physical and cognitive abilities and have been shown to be effective in reducing the risk of falls in older adults. However, there is limited evidence about how people play exergames and how gameplay is affected by game settings and, thus, the potential training effects. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of repeated exergaming sessions over 4 weeks and two game settings (difficulty level and game speed) on gameplay (performance, physical activity and perceived exertion) in older adults over a four-week exergaming intervention. Methods: 28 independently living older adults (mean age 74.47 years; 14 females) played two different exergames (Puzzle and Fox) at two difficulty levels 3× per week for 4 weeks. Physical activity measures from an accelerometer at the lower back, performance as game scores from the exergaming system, and self-reported measures of physical and cognitive exertion were collected at sessions 1,2,3,6,9 and 12. Results: For the Puzzle game, performance and physical activity increased significantly across the 12 training sessions. For the Fox game, an increased game speed was associated with increased performance, physical activity, and exertion across the exergaming sessions. Across all exergaming sessions, increasing difficulty by adding cognitive elements decreased the performance and amount of physical activity. Conclusion: Game characteristics significantly influence how the exergames are played during a 4-week exergaming intervention. Hence, individual tailoring of the difficulty level and game speed is important. This study highlights the importance of understanding the interplay between game characteristics and gameplay during an exergaming intervention, thereby adding critical information for interpreting intervention effects – or the lack thereof. © 2024 The Authors

Murphy, D. H., et al. (2023). "Clinically studied or clinically proven? Memory for claims in print advertisements." Applied Cognitive Psychology 37(5): 1085-1093.
	Advertisers often use specifically chosen wording to convey the effectiveness of their product and we investigated memory accuracy for the scientific claims put forth by product advertisements. Participants were shown a cognitive enhancement product advertisement and were tested on their memory for various details. Critically, we were interested in participants' memory for a phrase describing the product as either “clinically proven” (indicating the product is effective) or “clinically studied” (which is ambiguous). Generally, both younger and older adults demonstrated poor memory for this detail and were more likely to remember the product as having been “proven” to be effective than to have been “studied”. Thus, we demonstrate the fallibility of memory and the potential for reliance on schematic knowledge in the absence of a veridical record of one's memory for the advertisement. We suggest that ambiguous efficacy claims be carefully considered by consumers so as not to be misled. © 2023 The Authors. Applied Cognitive Psychology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

Nabhani, F., et al. (2014). "Design and validation of a novel combined ex-vivo testing medium for investigating forces in the glenohumeral joint." Current Orthopaedic Practice 25(3): 244-250.
	Background: Generating accurate simulations of the forces in the glenohumeral joint is essential for investigating normal and pathologic shoulder function. It forms the basis for evaluating fracture treatment, joint replacement design, and fixation. However, because of its complex anatomy and large range-of-motion, measuring the dynamic in-vivo forces and kinematics of the shoulder joint remains a challenging problem in the field of biomechanics. This paper describes the development and validation of a new combined testing medium for the glenohumeral joint. Methods: The study uses a combined approach of in-vitro and in-silico testing and validates against gold standard in-vivo data. Functional motions and activities of daily living are simulated and compared. Results: Results show similar loading profiles during motion simulation and areas of high stress generation. When compared with previous data, recorded results from the mechanical testing rig show high conformity. Comparison shows 3.95% error during 451 abduction and 4.22% error at 751 abduction. Conclusions: The developed testing medium provides repeatable and reproducible results for forces within the glenohumeral joint. This can now be used to further understand joint kinematics, injuries, fracture propagation, and fixation. It will also provide a valuable training aid for a complex joint. Better understanding, testing, and training of new techniques, tools and traumas are now possible and will aid in reducing injury prevalence, severity, healing time, and ultimately improve quality of life. © 2014 Wolters Kluwer Health.

Nowakowski, K., et al. (2022). "Deep reinforcement learning coupled with musculoskeletal modelling for a better understanding of elderly falls." Medical and Biological Engineering and Computing 60(6): 1745-1761.
	Reinforcement learning (RL) has been used to study human locomotion learning. One of the current challenges in healthcare is our understanding of and ability to slow the decline due to muscle ageing and its effect on human falls. The purpose of this study was to investigate reinforcement learning for human movement strategies when modifying muscle parameters to account for age-related changes. In particular, human falls with modified physiological factors were modelled and simulated to determine the effect of muscle descriptors for ageing on kinematic behaviour and muscle force control. A 3D musculoskeletal model (8 DoF and 22 muscles) of the human body was used. The deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG) method was implemented. Different muscle descriptors for ageing were integrated, including changes in maximum isometric force, contraction velocity, the deactivation time constant and passive muscle strain. Additionally, the effects of isometric force reductions of 10, 20 and 30% were also considered independently. An environment for the simulation was developed using the opensim-rl package for Python with the training process completed on Google Compute Engine. The simulation outcomes for healthy young adult and elderly falls under modified muscle behaviours were compared to experimental observations for validation. The result of our elderly simulation for multiple ageing-related factors (M_all) produced a walking speed of 0.26 m/s for the two steps taken prior to the fall. The over activation of the hip extensors and inactivation of knee extensors led to a backward fall for this elderly simulation. The inactivated rectus femoris and right tibialis are main actors of the forward fall. Our simulation outcomes are consistent with experimental observations through the comparison of kinematic features and motion history evolution. We showed in the present study, for the first time, that RL can be used as a strategy to explore the effect of ageing muscle physiological factors on kinematics and muscle control during falls. Our findings show that the elderly fall model for the M_all condition more closely resembles experimental elderly fall data than our simulations which considered age-related reductions of force alone. As future perspectives, the behaviour preceding a fall will be studied to establish the strategies used to avoid falls or fall with minimal consequence, leading to the identification of patient-specific rehabilitation programmes for elderly people. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.] © 2022, International Federation for Medical and Biological Engineering.

Nuic, D., et al. (2018). "The feasibility and positive effects of a customised videogame rehabilitation programme for freezing of gait and falls in Parkinson's disease patients: A pilot study." JOURNAL OF NEUROENGINEERING AND REHABILITATION 15(1).
	Background: Freezing of gait and falls represent a major burden in patients with advanced forms of Parkinson's disease (PD). These axial motor signs are not fully alleviated by drug treatment or deep-brain stimulation. Recently, virtual reality has emerged as a rehabilitation option for these patients. In this pilot study, we aim to determine the feasibility and acceptability of rehabilitation with a customised videogame to treat gait and balance disorders in PD patients, and assess its effects on these disabling motor signs. Methods: We developed a customised videogame displayed on a screen using the Kinect system. To play, the patient had to perform large amplitude and fast movements of all four limbs, pelvis and trunk, in response to visual and auditory cueing, to displace an avatar to collect coins and avoid obstacles to gain points. We tested ten patients with advanced forms of PD (median disease duration = 16.5 years) suffering from freezing of gait and/or falls (Hoehn&Yahr score ≥ 3) resistant to antiparkinsonian treatment and deep brain stimulation. Patients performed 18 training sessions during a 6-9 week period. We measured the feasibility and acceptability of our rehabilitation programme and its effects on parkinsonian disability, gait and balance disorders (with clinical scales and kinematics recordings), positive and negative affects, and quality of life, after the 9th and 18th training sessions and 3 months later. Results: All patients completed the 18 training sessions with high feasibility, acceptability and satisfaction scores. After training, the freezing-of-gait questionnaire, gait-and-balance scale and axial score significantly decreased by 39, 38 and 41%, respectively, and the activity-balance confidence scale increased by 35%. Kinematic gait parameters also significantly improved with increased step length and gait velocity and decreased double-stance time. Three months after the final session, no significant change persisted except decreased axial score and increased step length and velocity. Conclusions: This study suggests that rehabilitation with a customised videogame to treat gait and balance disorders is feasible, well accepted, and effective in parkinsonian patients. These data serve as preliminary evidence for further larger and controlled studies to propose this customised videogame rehabilitation programme at home. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02469350. © 2018 The Author(s).

O’Connell, C., et al. (2017). "Effects of acute peripheral/central visual field loss on standing balance." EXPERIMENTAL BRAIN RESEARCH 235(11): 3261-3270.
	Vision impairments such as age-related macular degeneration (AMD) and glaucoma are among the top risk factors for geriatric falls and falls-related injuries. AMD and glaucoma lead to loss of the central and peripheral visual fields, respectively. This study utilized a custom contact lens model to occlude the peripheral or central visual fields in healthy adults, offering a novel within-subject approach to improve our understanding of the etiology of balance impairments that may lead to an increased fall risk in patients with visual field loss. Two dynamic posturography tests, including an adapted version of the Sensory Organization Test and a virtual reality environment with the visual scene moving sinusoidally, were used to evaluate standing balance. Balance stability was quantified by displacement and time-normalized path length of the center of pressure. Nine young and eleven older healthy adults wore visual field occluding contact lenses during posturography assessments to compare the effects of acute central and peripheral visual field occlusion. The results found that visual field occlusion had greater impact on older adults than young adults, specifically when proprioceptive cues are unreliable. Furthermore, the results suggest that both central and peripheral visions are important in postural control; however, peripheral vision may be more sensitive to movement in the environment. © 2017, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.

Ogawa, E., et al. (2019). "Physiological responses and enjoyment of Kinect-based exergames in older adults at risk for falls: A feasibility study." TECHNOLOGY AND HEALTH CARE 27(4): 353-362.
	BACKGROUND: Exergaming has the potential to improve physical function, cognition and dual-task function, and could be an effective new strategy for reducing risk of falling in older adults. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate and test custom Microsoft Kinect-based motion-tracking exergames in older adults at risk for falls. METHODS: Community-dwelling older adults who reported mobility difficulties or had fallen in the past year played three newly developed exergames (Target Trackers, Double Decision, and Visual Sweeps, 5 minutes each) in random order. Heart rate (HR) was measured during, and blood pressures (BPs), rating of perceived exertion (RPE), and rating of the enjoyment were recorded immediately after each exergame. RESULTS: Seven participants (median age 75 y; 4 females) completed the study. There were no adverse events reported during the exergaming session. Exercise HRs and RPEs were statistically significantly higher than resting for all exergames (p< 0.05). The differences were not significant for BPs. Enjoyment ratings ranged from 79.6-90.6% and there were no statistically significant differences between the exergames. CONCLUSIONS: The newly developed exergames were light in exercise intensity and enjoyable for older adults at risk for falls. Future intervention studies are warranted to examine the benefits of exergames for this special population. © 2019 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.

Ogawa, E. F., et al. (2020). "Effects of Exergaming on Cognition and Gait in Older Adults at Risk for Falling." MEDICINE AND SCIENCE IN SPORTS AND EXERCISE 52(3): 754-761.
	Purpose To test whether an 8-wk exergaming (EG) program would improve cognition and gait characteristics compared with a traditional physical exercise (TPE) program in older adults at risk for falling. Methods A pilot quasi-experimental study was conducted in adults age ≥65 yr at risk for falls, living in senior communities. Participants enrolled (n = 35) in either exercise program offered twice weekly for 8 wk. Cognition and single-task and dual-task gait characteristics were measured before and after the 8-wk exercise intervention. For each outcome, a repeated-measures ANCOVA adjusted for age, gender, and exercise intensity (ratings of perceived exertion, RPE) was used to examine the group-time interaction. Results Twenty-nine participants (age, 77 ± 7 yr) completed either the EG program (n = 15) or the TPE program (n = 14). Statistically significant group-time interactions were observed in Trail Making Test Part A (P < 0.05) and single-task gait speed, stride length, swing time percentage, and double support percentage (all P < 0.05), and marginal group differences were observed in Mini-Mental State Examination (P = 0.07), all favoring the EG program. There were no statistically significant group differences in dual-task gait measurements except for swing time percentage and double support percentage, favoring the EG program. Conclusions An 8-wk EG program for older adults at risk for falls contributed to modest improvements in a number of cognitive measures and single-task but limited improvements in dual-task gait measures, compared with TPE. These findings support the need for larger trials to determine cognitive and mobility benefits related to EG. © Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.

Ohashi, K., et al. (2015). "Diagnostic accuracy of 3D color volume-rendered CT images for peroneal tendon dislocation in patients with acute calcaneal fractures." Acta Radiologica 56(2): 190-195.
	Background: Use of three-dimensional (3D) color volume-rendered (VR) images has been reported to be more timeefficient compared to that of cross-sectional computed tomography (CT) images for the diagnosis of peroneal tendon dislocation. However, the diagnostic performance of this technique has not been studied. Purpose: To test diagnostic accuracy of 3D color VR CT images of ankle for peroneal tendon dislocation in patients with acute calcaneal fractures. Material and Methods: The study consisted of 121 ankle CT studies from 105 consecutive patients (85 men, 20 women; mean age, 42 years; age range, 16-75 years) with acute calcaneal fractures. Peroneal tendon dislocation was diagnosed on multiplanar CT images by consensus of two experienced musculoskeletal radiologists, which served as the reference standard. Three other musculoskeletal radiologists independently reviewed 3D images alone on a workstation. The readers determined whether or not there was peroneal tendon dislocation using three degrees of certainty (definite, probable, and possible). Diagnostic performance of 3D images for peroneal tendon dislocation was evaluated by calculating the sensitivities, specificities, and area under the receiver-operating characteristic (ROC) curves. Results: Forty-eight (40%) out of 121 studies showed peroneal tendon dislocation based on the expert readings using multiplanar reformatted images. Sensitivities/specificities of 3D images measured 0.92/0.81, 0.88/0.90, and 0.81/0.92 for three readers, respectively. The area under the proper binormal ROC curve based on all three readers (0.93, 0.94, and 0.92) measured 0.93 with a 95% confidence interval of 0.89-0.98. Conclusion: Diagnostic accuracy of 3D images is comparable to, but not as good as that of MPR images for the diagnosis of peroneal tendon dislocation in patients with acute calcaneal fractures. Copyright © The Foundation Acta Radiologica 2014.

Paik, B., et al. (2024). "Effectiveness of simulation models and digital alternatives in training ophthalmoscopy: A systematic review." MEDICAL TEACHER.
	Purpose: Traditional direct ophthalmoscopy (TDO) is the oldest method of fundus examination; however, it has fallen out of use due to its technical difficulty and limitations to clinical utility, amidst the advent of potentially better options. A spectrum of new technologies may help in addressing the shortcomings of TDO: simulation mannequins with non-tracked TDO, simulation models with tracked TDO, and smartphone ophthalmoscopy (SFO). Methodology: A systematic search of PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane databases for all studies evaluating usage of simulation mannequins/models and SFO in ophthalmology education was performed, from inception till April 2023 with no language restriction. We ensured that we included all possible relevant articles by performing backward reference searching of included articles and published review articles. Results: We reviewed studies on non-tracked TDO (n = 5), tracked TDO (n = 3) and SFO (n = 12). Non-tracked TDO and SFO were superior in training competency relative to control (TDO on real eyes). Intriguingly, tracked TDO was non superior to controls. SFO appears to enhance the learning effectiveness of ophthalmoscopy, due to real-time projection of the retina view, permitting instantaneous and targeted feedback. Learners reported improved ergonomics, including a wider field of view and more comfortable viewing distance. Retention of images and recordings permitted the audit of learning and paves the way for storage of such images in patients’ electronic medical record and rapid dissemination for specialist referral. Conclusions: Smartphone ophthalmoscopy (SFO) permits integration of both the practice and learning of ophthalmoscopy, and the auditing of both. These advantages over traditional methods (with simulation or otherwise) may lead to a paradigm shift in undergraduate ophthalmology education. However, the nascency of SFO necessitates preservation of traditional techniques to tide through this period of transition. © 2024 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.

Palestra, G., et al. (2018). "Evaluation of a rehabilitation system for the elderly in a day care center." Information (Switzerland) 10(1).
	This paper presents a rehabilitation system based on a customizable exergame protocol to prevent falls in the elderly population. The system is based on depth sensors and exergames. The experiments carried out with several seniors, in a day care center, make it possible to evaluate the usability and the efficiency of the system. The outcomes highlight the user-friendliness, the very good usability of the developed system and the significant enhancement of the elderly in maintaining a physical activity. The performance of the postural response is improved by an average of 80%. © 2018 by the author.

Parke, S., et al. (2020). "The Feasibility and Acceptability of Virtual Therapy Environments for Early ICU Mobilization." PM and R 12(12): 1214-1221.
	Background: Early mobilization in critically ill patients has been documented to reduce neuromuscular complications, but access to rehabilitation services is often limited in the intensive care unit (ICU). Virtual platforms that deliver therapy may increase access to rehabilitation services and improve patient motivation to participate. Xbox Kinect Jintronix software delivers interventions using games and activities designed for therapy. Objective: To determine the feasibility of the Jintronix virtual therapy system in an ICU setting by observing outcomes related to patient satisfaction, adverse events, and technical applicability. Design: Prospective observational feasibility study. Setting: Medical ICU at a Level 1 Trauma Center within an academic medical center. Participants: Twenty adults admitted to ICU. Intervention: Participants engaged in one therapy session with a maximum of 14 Jintronix modules targeting arm, leg, and/or trunk strength, range of motion, and endurance. Outcome Measures: A trained physician-observer recorded events related to adverse events and technical applicability. Participants completed a survey to determine patient satisfaction. Results: A total of 188 modules were completed. Participants completed a median of nine modules each. Five participants completed the maximum of 14 modules. Fatigue was the most common reason for cessation. Mean intervention time was 29 minutes. There were no falls, lines dislodged, or medical events. Participants required physical assistance or verbal cues in 36% of modules. Technical errors affected 25% of modules and led to activity cessation in one case. Nearly all participants reported the activity was enjoyable, comfortable, safe, easy to understand, would improve range of motion and strength, and would motivate them to continue. Conclusions: Use of a virtual therapy environment in an intensive care setting is feasible. © 2020 American Academy of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation

Prevett, C. and A. Tang (2023). "A Clinical Review of the Classification and Management of Prefrailty in Older Adults." TOPICS IN GERIATRIC REHABILITATION 39(2): 149-160.
	Frailty is a clinical geriatric syndrome where loss of physical resiliency increases vulnerability to external stressors. Frailty is predictive of many adverse health outcomes. Frailty exists across a spectrum where prefrailty is an intermediary, subclinical state of frailty. Evidence suggests that it is easier to reverse prefrailty states than to reverse established frailty, and therefore may be an ideal target for preventative interventions. This narrative review discusses clinical methods of identifying individuals with prefrailty, and interventions shown to be effective in improving frailty status in older adults. © 2023 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.

Pua, Y. H., et al. (2015). "Evaluation of the Wii balance board for walking aids prediction: Proof-of-concept study in total knee arthroplasty." PLOS ONE 10(1).
	Background and Objectives: To provide proof-of-concept for the validity of the Wii Balance Board (WBB) measures to predict the type of walking aids required by inpatients with a recent (≤4days) total knee arthroplasty (TKA). Methods: A cross-sectional sample of 89 inpatients (mean age, 67.0±8years) with TKA was analyzed. A multivariable proportional odds prediction model was constructed using 8 pre-specified predictors - namely, age, sex, body mass index, knee pain, knee range-of-motion, active knee lag, and WBB-derived standing balance. The type of walking aids prescribed on day 4 post-surgery was the outcome of interest - an ordinal variable with 4 categories (walking stick, narrow- and broad-base quadstick, and walking frame). Results: Women, increasing body mass index, and poorer standing balance were independently associated with greater odds for requiring walking aids with a larger base-of-support. The concordance-index of the prediction model was 0.74. The model comprising only WBB-derived standing balance had nearly half (44%) the explanatory power of the full model. Adding WBB-derived standing balance to conventional demographic and knee variables resulted in a continuous net reclassification index of 0.60 (95%CI,0.19-1.01), predominantly due to better identification of patients who required walking aids with a large base-of-support (sensitivity gain). Conclusions: The WBB was able to provide quantitative measures of standing balance which could assist healthcare professionals in prescribing the appropriate type of walking aids for patients. Further investigation is needed to assess whether using the WBB could lead to meaningful changes in clinical outcomes such as falls. © 2015 Pua et al.

Ramachandran, A., et al. (2022). "“Diffusion of innovations”: a feasibility study on the pericapsular nerve group block in the emergency department for hip fractures." Clinical and Experimental Emergency Medicine 9(3): 198-206.
	Objective Hip fractures are associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Ultrasound-guided peripheral nerve blocks are a safe method to manage pain and decrease opioid usage. The pericapsular nerve group (PENG) block is a novel, potentially superior block because of its motor-sparing effects. Through training, simulation, and supervision, we aim to determine whether it is feasible to perform the PENG block in the emergency department. Methods Phase 1 consisted of emergency physicians attending a workshop to demonstrate ultrasound proficiency, anatomical understanding, and procedural competency using a low-fidelity model. Phase 2 consisted of a prospective, observational, feasibility study of 10 patients with hip fractures. Pain scores, side effects, and opioid usage data were collected. Results The median pain score at time 0 (time of block) was 9 (interquartile range [IQR], 6.5–9). The median pain score at 30 minutes was 4 (IQR, 2.0–6.8) and 3.5 (IQR, 1.0–4.8) at 4 hours. All 10 patients required narcotics prior to the initiation of the PENG block with a median dosage of 6.25 morphine milligram equivalents (MME; IQR, 4.25–7.38 MME). After the PENG block, only 30% of the patients required further narcotics with a median dosage of 0 MME (IQR, 0–0.6 MME) until operative fixation. Conclusion In this feasibility study, PENG blocks were safely administered by trained emergency physicians under supervision. We demonstrated data suggesting a trend of pain relief and decreased opiate requirements, and further investigation is necessary to measure efficacy. © 2022 The Korean Society of Emergency Medicine.

Rambani, R., et al. (2014). "Desktop-based computer-assisted orthopedic training system for spinal surgery." JOURNAL OF SURGICAL EDUCATION 71(6): 805-809.
	Background Simulation and surgical training has moved on since its inception during the end of the last century. The trainees are getting more exposed to computers and laboratory training in different subspecialties. More needs to be done in orthopedic simulation in spinal surgery.; Aims To develop a training system for pedicle screw fixation and validate its effectiveness in a cohort of junior orthopedic trainees.; Training System Fully simulated computer-navigated training system is used to train junior orthopedic trainees perform pedicle screw insertion in the lumbar spine. Real patient computed tomography scans are used to produce the real-time fluoroscopic images of the lumbar spine.; Material and Methods The training system was developed to simulate pedicle screw insertion in the lumbar spine. A total of 12 orthopedic senior house officers performed pedicle screw insertion in the lumbar spine before and after the training on training system. The results were assessed based on the scoring system, which included the amount of time taken, accuracy of pedicle screw insertion, and the number of exposures requested to complete the procedure.; Results The result shows a significant improvement in amount of time taken, accuracy of fixation, and the number of exposures after the training on simulator system. This was statistically significant using paired Student t test (p < 0.05).; Conclusion Fully simulated computer-navigated training system is an efficient training tool for young orthopedic trainees. This system can be used to augment training in the operating room, and trainees acquire their skills in the comfort of their study room or in the training room in the hospital. The system has the potential to be used in various other orthopedic procedures for learning of technical skills in a manner aimed at ensuring a smooth escalation in task complexity leading to the better performance of procedures in the operating theater. © 2014 Association of Program Directors in Surgery.

Rana, M., et al. (2015). "Customised reconstruction of the orbital wall and engineering of selective laser melting (SLM) core implants." British Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 53(2): 208-209.
	
	
Raymond-Dufresne, E., et al. (2016). "Pre-clinical medical students' perceptions of their patient safety skills in a simulated emergency department." EMA - Emergency Medicine Australasia 28(3): 325-328.
	Objectives: Patient safety has emerged as an important topic for inclusion in medical curricula. However, there is limited literature describing how medical students are taught, learn and self-assess patient safety skills. The present study aimed to seek pre-clinical medical students' perceptions of (i) their individual performance at a range of safety skills; and (ii) how they define patient safety in a simulated ED. Methods: Data were collected in the form of questionnaire responses at the end of the Bond University Simulated ED activity in October 2014. The simulated ED is a session for pre-clinical medical students prior to their clinical rotations, aimed at preparing them for the clinical environment. Likert scale and short answer responses were used to describe students' perceptions of their safety skills and to identify themes related to patient safety. Results: Seventy-eight out of 92 students completed the questionnaires (85% response rate). The majority of students thought their patients were safe from adverse events during their shift. However, students' perception of patient safety was wide-ranging and demonstrated a number of misconceptions. The most frequent strategies employed by students to ensure patient safety were asking for help from nursing staff or senior doctors, ensuring good communication with the patient and checking allergies before administering medication. Conclusion: Students had a favourable opinion of their own safety skills. However, answers to free text question revealed misconceptions about the nature of patient safety despite significant teaching on this topic. © 2016 Australasian College for Emergency Medicine and Australasian Society for Emergency Medicine.

Rodrigues, E. V., et al. (2018). "Effects of dance exergaming on depressive symptoms, fear of falling, and musculoskeletal function in fallers and nonfallers community-dwelling older women." REJUVENATION RESEARCH 21(6): 518-526.
	The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of a pop dance exergaming protocol on fall risk factors - depressive symptoms, fear of falling, and musculoskeletal function - in community-dwelling older female fallers and nonfallers. There were 47 community-dwelling older women assigned to the intervention group (IG) [fallers (n = 10, 69.8 ± 4.3 years); nonfallers (n = 12, 68.9 ± 3.3 years)] and the control group (CG) [fallers (n = 12, 73.6 ± 5.4 years); nonfallers (n = 13, 68.7 ± 4.8 years)]. The CG maintained their lifestyle and the IG performed a videogame dance training three times per week for 12 weeks. The Dance Central game for Xbox 360® and Kinect motion sensor were used. The primary outcomes were geriatric depressive symptoms, fear of falling, and concentric and eccentric isokinetic peak torque (PT) of quadriceps and hamstrings. Secondary outcomes included cross-sectional area of quadriceps and hamstring muscles, functionality (Timed Up and Go test, gait speed, the Five Times Sit-to-Stand test), and a fall circumstances and outcomes recording. The depressive symptoms decreased in the Intervention Fallers Group. The eccentric hamstrings PT at 180°/s increased in the Intervention Nonfallers Group. There were no significant differences between groups for the other variables analyzed. The training attendance was 83% for the Intervention Fallers Group and 88% for the Intervention Nonfallers Group. Dance exergaming can be indicated to decrease depressive symptoms in fallers and increase the PT in nonfallers among community-dwelling older women. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers 2018.

Rodríguez-Fuentes, G., et al. (2024). "Exergames and Immersive Virtual Reality as a Novel Therapy Approach in Multiple Sclerosis: Randomised Feasibility Study." JOURNAL OF CLINICAL MEDICINE 13(19).
	Background: Multiple sclerosis is a chronic, inflammatory, neurodegenerative autoimmune disease caused by myelin loss in the central nervous system, which leads to motor and non-motor problems. The main objective of this study was to explore whether an immersive virtual reality (IVR) exercise programme would be feasible as a form of physical therapy for people with MS (pwMS). Methods: 18 participants (13 women; 45.06 years) were assigned to an experimental group (EG, n = 8) and a control group (CG, n = 10). The EG took part in a twice-weekly IVR exergame physical therapy programme—ExeRVIEM programme. A randomised, single-blind clinical trial was conducted and was registered in clinicaltrials (NCT05870254). Results: The intervention was feasible and safe. The participants completed the programme with no adverse effects (no symptoms on the Simulator Sickness Questionnaire), high usability (System Usability Scale 90.31%), and outstandingly positive post-game experiences (Game Experience Questionnaire 3.10/4). In addition, the GE significantly improved several of their functional capacities: increased lower limb strength (Five Times Sit-to-Stand Test p = 0.042), improved functional mobility, and reduced fall risk (Timed Up and Go Test-simple p = 0.009; Timed Up and Go Test-cognitive p = 0.003). There were no statistically significant differences between the groups. Conclusions: The findings support that the use of exergames and IVR as physical therapy in pwMS is feasible and safe. Furthermore, there is the suggestion of possible benefits to participants’ functional abilities, all of which position IVR as a promising tool for the rehabilitation of this neurodegenerative pathology affecting young adults. © 2024 by the authors.

Rossetto, A., et al. (2020). "Frequency and quality of first aid offered by older adolescents: A cluster randomised crossover trial of school-based first aid courses." PEERJ 8.
	Background: Research indicates that school-based first aid programmes appear to improve students' knowledge and skills. However, evidence for their effectiveness is limited by a lack of rigorously designed studies. This research used a cluster randomised crossover trial to assess the effects of two different types of first aid training on the frequency and appropriateness of older adolescents' first aid behaviours towards their peers 12 months after training. Methods: Schools eligible to participate were government funded and able to accommodate first aid training and survey time for two consecutive Year 10 student cohorts. Four Australian public schools were matched in two pairs and randomly assigned to receive either physical first aid (PFA) or teen mental health first aid (tMHFA) training for their Year 10 student cohort (mean age 16 years). In the second year, the new Year 10 cohort received the other intervention. Four cohorts were randomised to receive PFA and four were randomised to receive tMHFA. Online surveys were administered at baseline and 12 months after training, measuring whether students had encountered a peer needing PFA, whether they had provided PFA, what actions they performed and, if applicable, why they had been unable to help the person. Only research staff analysing the data could be blinded to measurement occasion, school identity and condition. Results: Four cohorts received PFA and four received tMHFA. The results indicated that there were no differences between groups regarding the frequency of appropriate first aid actions performed 12 months after training. The most common types of PFA provided to a peer were sending for help and wound care. Students most commonly mentioned someone else attending to their peer or lacking skills or experience as reasons for not performing PFA actions. Conclusions: More research that examines first aid behaviours using rigorous, longitudinal study designs is needed to establish the effectiveness of school-based first aid training for older adolescents. © 2020 Rossetto et al.

Saadprai, S., et al. (2021). "Design and Development of a Low-Cost Force Plate with Software Application for Analyzing Balance and Coordination Training for the Elderly." Journal of Exercise Physiology Online 24(2): 52-66.
	Saadprai S, Vorapojpisut S, Srikajohnlap C, Rungroungdouyboon B. Design and Development of a Low-Cost Force Plate with Software Application for Analyzing Balance and Coordination Training for the Elderly. JEPonline 2021;24(2):52-66. The physical fitness of the elderly is more likely to deteriorate by aging. Balance and coordination exercise are important to maintain the strength of the musculoskeletal system, joints, and bones as well as to reduce the risk of falling. This study presents the development of a low-cost force plate with software application (Stand Balance) for analyzing balance and coordination training for the elderly. The structure of the force plate consists of load cell circuits connected with Node32s board as part of a signal measurement that sends wireless data via Bluetooth to analyze with LabView. The software application records real-time and displays data such as the patient’s weight and training information that could be sent to the healthcare provider who can analyze the patient’s information. The software has been designed in 4 operating modes (Balance Screening, Exercise, Games, and CoP Modes). The purpose of this study was to test whether the Stand Balance could detect Center of Pressure (CoP) and Ground Reaction Forces (GRFs) and display the results regarding its accuracy and repeatability. This research found that the error of static weight measurement is 4.84%, which is assumed to be an acceptable measure of the GRFs (especially when the human body is contact to the developed force plate). Moreover, the absolute error of CoP-accuracy of (Top Middle, Top Right, Middle Left, Center, Middle Right, Bottom Left, Bottom Middle, and Bottom Right) study areas are 5.14, 4.08, 5.44, 5.02, 5.88, 7.25, 4.49, 5.28, and 6.47 mm, respectively and the error of CoP-repeatability of study areas are 0.82, 0.74, 1.21, 0.95, 1.34, 0.89, 0.74, 1.13, and 1.18%, respectively. The absolute errors of CoP-accuracy are very close to 0 mm and the error of CoP-repeatability are less than 1.5%, which show high accuracy and precision that adequate for Stand Balance to assess balance and train coordination. It could ensure that the Stand Balance could detect CoP and GRFs effectively and, therefore, can be used as a device for further clinical implementation with human. © 2021, Journal of Exercise Physiology Online. All Rights Reserved.

Santos, G., et al. (2017). "Feasibility of virtual reality-based balance rehabilitation in adults with spinocerebellar ataxia: a prospective observational study." Hearing, Balance and Communication 15(4): 244-251.
	Objective: To test the effects of a virtual reality (VR) balance rehabilitation program in patients diagnosed with SCAs. Materials and methods: A prospective observational study was carried out with a cohort of 28 patients diagnosed with SCAs, including eight females and 20 males, 15–70 years of age (mean, 41.5 ± 16.9 years). Patients were submitted to otorhinolaryngological assessment to exclude any kind of middle ear impairments that may hinder exam results, and vestibular evaluation to verify the existence of vestibular disorders, kind and site of the lesion. The Dizziness Handicap Inventory (DHI), Berg Balance Scale (BBS), and 36-item Short-form Health Survey (SF-36) questionnaires were applied before and after VR rehabilitation. The criterion for significance in before versus after VR training comparisons was p <.05. Results: Regarding to baseline, the participants showed significant improvements posttraining in their DHI and BBS scores. These improvements were accompanied by improvements in perceived quality of life (QoL) as measured by the SF-36. There were significant improvements in balance and gait, fall frequency, and patients’ self-confidence. Conclusions: Showed consistent improvement postrehabilitation in their ability to play VR games (i.e. Soccer Heading, Tightrope, Table Tilt, and Ski Slalom). VR rehabilitation may be an effective SCA therapy. The breadth of improvements evidenced here should promote physical and psychological recovery, while fostering a better QoL. © 2017 International Association of Physicians in Audiology.

Schättin, A. and E. D. de Bruin (2016). "Combining exergame training with omega-3 fatty acid supplementation: Protocol for a randomized controlled study assessing the effect on neuronal structure/function in the elderly brain." FRONTIERS IN AGING NEUROSCIENCE 8(NOV).
	A common problem in the older population is the risk of falling and related injury, immobility, and reduced survival. Age-related neuronal changes, e.g., decline in gray-and white-matter, affect neuronal, cognitive, and motor functioning. The improvement of these factors might decrease fall events in elderly. Studies showed that administration of video game-based physical exercise, a so-called exergame, or omega-3 fatty acid (FA) may improve motor and/or cognitive functioning through neuronal changes in the brain of older adults. The aim of this study is to assess the effects of a combination of exergame training with omega-3 FA supplementation on the elderly brain. We hypothesize that an intervention using a combination approach differently affects on the neuronal structure and function of the elderly's brain as compared to the sole administration of exergame training. The study is a parallel, double-blinded, randomized controlled trial lasting 26 weeks. Sixty autonomous living, non-smoking, and right-handed healthy older (>65 years) adults who live independently or in a senior residency are included, randomized, and allocated to one of two study groups. The experimental group receives a daily amount of 13.5 ml fish oil (including 2.9 g of omega-3 FA), whereas the control group receives a daily amount of 13.5 ml olive oil for 26 weeks. After 16 weeks, both groups start with an exergame training program three times per week. Measurements are performed on three time-points by treatment blinded investigators: pre-intervention measurements, blood sample after 16 week, and post-intervention measurements. The main outcomes are motor evoked potentials of the right M. tibialis anterior (transcranial magnetic stimulation) and response-related potentials (electroencephalography) during a cognitive test. For secondary outcomes, reaction time during cognitive tests and spatio-temporal parameters during gait performance are measured. Statistics will include effect sizes and a 2 × 2-ANOVA with normally distributed data or the non-parametric equivalent for data not fulfilling normal distribution. The randomized controlled study is the first to investigate the effectiveness of exergame training combined with omega-3 FA in counteracting age- and behavioral-dependent neuronal changes in the brain. This study has been registered in the Swiss National Clinical Trials (SNCTP34995201623) and the ISRCTN (ISRCTN12084831) Portals. © 2016 Schättin and de Bruin.

Schwartz, I., et al. (2022). "Positive Effect of Manipulated Virtual Kinematic Intervention in Individuals with Traumatic Stiff Shoulder: A Pilot Study." JOURNAL OF CLINICAL MEDICINE 11(13).
	Virtual reality enables the manipulation of a patient’s perception, providing additional motivation to real-time biofeedback exercises. We aimed to test the effect of manipulated virtual kinematic intervention on measures of active and passive range of motion (ROM), pain, and disability level in individuals with traumatic stiff shoulder. In a double-blinded study, patients with stiff shoulder following proximal humerus fracture and non-operative treatment were randomly divided into a non-manipulated feedback group (NM-group; n = 6) and a manipulated feedback group (M-group; n = 7). The shoulder ROM, pain, and disabilities of the arm, shoulder and hand (DASH) scores were tested at baseline and after 6 sessions, during which the subjects performed shoulder flexion and abduction in front of a graphic visualization of the shoulder angle. The biofeedback provided to the NM-group was the actual shoulder angle while the feedback provided to the M-group was manipulated so that 10◦ were constantly subtracted from the actual angle detected by the motion capture system. The M-group showed greater improvement in the active flexion ROM (p = 0.046) and DASH scores (p = 0.022). While both groups improved following the real-time virtual feedback intervention, the manipulated intervention provided to the M-group was more beneficial in individuals with traumatic stiff shoulder and should be further tested in other populations with orthopedic injuries. © 2022 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.

Shake, M. C., et al. (2018). "Efficacy of bingocize®: A game-centered mobile application to improve physical and cognitive performance in older adults." GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 7(4): 253-261.
	Objective: A significant barrier to improving the health and well-being of older adults is that they often do not adhere to health-promoting programs. The present study examined whether Bingocize®, a game-centered mobile app that can combine bingo with healthy activities such as exercise and/or health topic education, could (1) engender high rates of adherence among sedentary community-dwelling older adults, and (2) potentially improve aspects of physical and cognitive performance. Materials and Methods: Participants used the app for ∼1 hour, twice per week, for 10 weeks. Each using a tablet, they played the game in small social groups and were randomly assigned to either an Experimental (Bingo + Health Education + Exercise) or Control (Bingo + Health Education) group. Pre- A nd Postintervention assessments of (1) functional performance, (2) fluid cognition, and (3) knowledge of two health topics (osteoarthritis and fall risks) were administered. Results: Adherence was high in both groups (>93% attendance), suggesting the app was popular and engaging. Two (Experimental/Control) × Two (Pre/Post) interactions were found for two domains of functional performance (Arm Curls, a measure of upper body strength; and Chair Stands, a measure of lower body strength) and one domain of cognition (updating, a component of executive functioning), such that the Experimental group improved more relative to the Control group. Both groups improved their knowledge of the health topics covered (all P < 0.05). Conclusion: Our findings suggest that the fun and interactive nature of Bingocize® engenders high levels of adherence to a health-promoting program in a difficult to serve population, serving as a conduit to potentially improve multiple aspects of quality of life for older adults. © 2018 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.

Sivachandiran, S., et al. (2022). "Deep Learning driven automated person detection and tracking model on surveillance videos." Measurement: Sensors 24.
	Recently, person detection and tracking in a video scene of a surveillance system were grabbing higher interest because of its extensive range of applications in gender classification, abnormal event recognition, person identification, human gait characterization, individual counting in a dense crowd, and fall detection for older people, etc. Several methodologies were implied for person detection for surveillance applications. This paper presents a new DL driven automated person detection and tracking (DLD-APDT) model on surveillance videos. The major goal of the proposed DLD-APDT model is to identify people and track them in the videos. To accomplish this, the proposed DLD-APDT model initially performs frame conversion process where the input video is converted into a set of frames. In addition, the proposed DLD-APDT model employs EfficientDet model as object detector, i.e., persons and track them. EfficientDet is a recently developed object detector that makes use of different optimization and backbone tweaks, like bi-directional feature pyramid network (BiFPN) and a compound scaling approach. Moreover, root means square propagation (RMSProp) optimizer is applied to optimally choose the hyperparameters related to the EfficientNet model which helps in accomplishing enhanced performance. The experimental validation of the DLD-APDT model takes place using two training datasets namely PascalVOC and PenFudan datasets. The simulation results reported the enhanced detection and tracking performance of the DLD-APDT technique over recent approaches. © 2022 The Authors

Stadelmann, V. A., et al. (2016). "Composite time-lapse computed tomography and micro finite element simulations: A new imaging approach for characterizing cement flows and mechanical benefits of vertebroplasty." Medical Engineering and Physics 38(2): 97-107.
	Vertebroplasty has been shown to reinforce weak vertebral bodies and reduce fracture risks, yet cement leakage is a major problem that can cause severe complications. Since cement flow is nearly impossible to control during surgery, small volumes of cement are injected, but then mechanical benefits might be limited. A better understanding of cement flows within bone structure is required to further optimize vertebroplasty and bone augmentation in general. We developed a novel imaging method, composite time-lapse CT, to characterize cement flow during injection. In brief, composite-resolution time-lapse CT exploits the qualities of microCT and clinical CT. The method consists in overlaying low-resolution time-lapse CT scans acquired during injection onto pre-operative high-resolution microCT scans, generating composite-resolution time-lapse CT series of cement flow within bone. In this in vitro study, composite-resolution time-lapse CT was applied to eight intact and five artificially fractured cadaveric vertebrae during vertebroplasty. The time-lapse scans were acquired at one-milliliter cement injection steps until a total of 10 ml cement was injected. The composite-resolution series were then converted into micro finite element models to compute strains distribution under virtual axial loading. Relocation of strain energy density within bone structure was observed throughout the progression of the procedure. Interestingly, the normalized effect of cement injection on the overall stiffness of the vertebrae was similar between intact and fractured specimens, although at different orders of magnitude. In conclusion, composite time-lapse CT can picture cement flows during bone augmentation. The composite images can also be easily converted into finite element models to compute virtual strain distributions under loading at every step of an injection, providing deeper understanding on the biomechanics of vertebroplasty. © 2015 IPEM.

Stehouwer, N., et al. (2018). "Development and Validation of a Teaching Module for Echocardiographic Scoring of Rheumatic Mitral Stenosis." GLOBAL HEART 13(2): 105-111.
	Background: The Wilkins score and commissural calcification scores predict outcomes after percutaneous balloon mitral valvuloplasty. However, many cardiologists are inadequately trained in their application—both in the United States where the incidence of rheumatic heart disease has fallen and in rheumatic heart disease endemic countries where training infrastructure is weak. Objectives: This study sought to develop a computer-based educational module teaching 2 scoring systems for rheumatic mitral stenosis and to validate the module among cardiology fellows in the United States and Uganda. Methods: We developed a module organized into 3 sets of 10 echocardiograms each. The module was completed by 13 cardiology fellows from 2 academic centers in the United States and 1 in Uganda. Subject answers were compared with a score assigned by 2 experts in echocardiography. The primary outcome was change in subjects’ accuracy from set 1 to set 3, measured by mean absolute deviation from expert scores. Secondary outcomes included change in interoperator variability and individual subject bias from set 1 to set 3. Results: The mean absolute deviations from expert scores in sets 1 and 3 were 2.09 and 1.82 for the Wilkins score (possible score range 0 to 16) and 1.13 and 0.94 for the commissural calcification score (possible score range 0 to 4). The change from set 1 to set 3 was statistically significant only for 1 of the Wilkins component scores (leaflet calcification, p < 0.001.) No change was seen in the interoperator variability. Individual subject bias in assigning the total Wilkins score was reduced from set 1 to set 3. Conclusions: Use of this module has the potential to enhance the training of cardiologists in the echocardiographic assessment of mitral stenosis. Modified versions of this module or similar ones should be tested in targeted populations of cardiology trainees with the most exposure to mitral stenosis interventions. © 2018 World Heart Federation (Geneva)

Subramaniam, S., et al. (2014). "A cognitive-balance control training paradigm using Wii Fit to reduce fall risk in chronic stroke survivors." JOURNAL OF NEUROLOGIC PHYSICAL THERAPY 38(4): 216-225.
	Background and Purpose: The impaired ability to maintain balance while performing higher-level cognitive tasks (cognitive-motor interference) significantly predisposes stroke survivors to risk of falls.We investigated adherence and intervention-related effects of gaming to improve balance control and decrease cognitive-motor interference in stroke survivors.; Methods: Community-dwelling individuals with hemiparetic stroke (N=8) received balance control training using Wii Fit in conjunction with cognitive training for approximately 110 min/d for 5 consecutive days. Changes in balance and cognitive performance were evaluated by the limits of stability test performed under single-task (ST) and dual-task (DT) conditions. The outcome measures from the limits of stability test included reaction time and movement velocity of the center of pressure. The cognitive performance was quantified by the number of errors. The DT cost was computed for the balance and cognitive outcome measures using [(ST - DT)/ST × 100]. Adherence was assessed by change on the Intrinsic Motivation Inventory scores postintervention. No commercial party having a direct financial interest in the research findings reported here has conferred orwill confer.; Results: Posttraining, reaction time cost in the forward direction improved from 31 ±8.02 to ±8.7 ±6.6. Similarly, movement velocity cost improved from 33.7 ±12.3 to 11 ±1. Cognitive cost also decreased from 47.9 ±13.9 to 20 ±18.8. There were similar improvements in the backward direction for all the outcome measures. Scores on the Intrinsic Motivation Inventory improved from 16.6 ±1.3 to 23.5 ±1.5.; Discussion and Conclusions: The results demonstrate good adherence and evidence of clinical value of this high-intensity, shortduration protocol for reducing cognitive-motor interference and improving balance control in stroke survivors. Future studies should examine the dose-response effects and long-term changes of such DT training paradigm applied to improve fall efficacy. Copyright © 2014 Neurology Section, APTA.

Szturm, T. J., et al. (2017). "Computerized dual-task testing of gait and visuospatial cognitive functions; test-retest reliability and validity." FRONTIERS IN HUMAN NEUROSCIENCE 11.
	The common occurrence of age decline in mobility and cognition does cause a decrease in the level of physical activity and an increased falls risk. Consequently, dual -task (DT) assessment that simultaneously addresses both mobility skills and cognitive functions are important because, continued difficulties and fall injuries will have a sizable impact in this population. The first objective of the present study was to assess test-retest reliability of a computerized DT treadmill walking protocol and concurrent outcome measures of gait and visuospatial executive function in a group of healthy older adults. Secondly, discriminative validity was evaluated by examining the effect of DT conditions (single task vs. dual-task) on; (a) spatiotemporal gait measures (average and coefficient of variation) and (b) visuomotor and visuospatial executive performance measures. Twenty-five community-dwelling individuals median age 65 (range 61–67) were recruited from a Fitness Facility. Participants performed a computerized visuomotor tracking task and a visuospatial executive game task in standing and while treadmill walking. Testing was conducted on two occasions, 1 week apart. Moderate to high test-retest reliability (ICC values of 0.65–0.88) were observed for spatiotemporal gait variables. No significant differences between the group means were observed between test periods in any gait variable. Moderate test-retest reliability (ICC values of 0.6–0.65) was observed for measures of visuomotor and visuospatial executive performance during treadmill walking. Significant DT effects were observed for both spatiotemporal gait variables and visuospatial executive performance measures. This study demonstrates the reliability and reproducibility of the computer-based assessment tool for dual task treadmill walking. The high to moderate ICC values and the lack of systematic errors in the measures indicate that this tool has the ability to repeatedly record reliable data from community-dwelling older adults. The present computerized dual-task protocols broaden the types of standardized visuomotor and visuospatial executive activities for use with DT treadmill walking that has previously been reported. © 2017 Szturm, Sakhalkar, Kanitkar and Nankar.

Takimoto, K., et al. (2021). "Case of cerebellar ataxia successfully treated by virtual reality-guided rehabilitation." BMJ Case Reports 14(5).
	A male patient in his 40s was transferred to our hospital for rehabilitation of ataxia after right cerebellar and brainstem infarction. After 3 weeks of conventional physical therapy, his activities of daily life successfully improved with an increase in the functional impedance measure from 101 to 124. However, he still fell short of gaining a higher level of balance function, which was necessary for his job as a standup forklift driver. We introduced virtual reality-guided balance training. The training was performed for approximately 40 min on weekdays for 2 weeks. As a result, the Scale for the Assessment and Rating of Ataxia score decreased from 5 to 1, Functional Balance Scale score improved from 48 to 56, and Mini-Balance Evaluation Systems Test score increased from 20 to 28. The trunk sway disappeared clinically. He regained confidence and returned to work after an additional 2 weeks of physical therapy. © BMJ Publishing Group Limited 2021. No commercial re-use. See rights and permissions. Published by BMJ.

Teng, C., et al. (2023). "Exploring assessment of balance using virtual reality in patients at risk of chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy." Internal Medicine Journal 53(8): 1356-1365.
	Background: Chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN) is a common dose-limiting toxicity for people treated for cancer. Impaired balance and falls are functional consequences of CIPN. Virtual reality (VR) technology may be able to assess balance and identify patients at risk of falls. Aims: To assess the impact of potentially neurotoxic chemotherapy on balance using VR, and explore associations between VR balance assessment, falls and CIPN. Methods: This prospective, repeated measures longitudinal study was conducted at two Australian cancer centres. Eligible participants were commencing adjuvant chemotherapy containing a taxane for breast cancer, or oxaliplatin for colorectal cancer (CRC), per institutional guidelines. Balance assessments using VR were conducted at baseline, end of chemotherapy and 3 and 6 months after completion of chemotherapy. Participants also completed a comprehensive CIPN assessment comprising clinical and patient-reported outcomes, and recorded falls or near falls. Results: Out of 34 participants consented, 24 (71%) had breast cancer and 10 (29%) had CRC. Compared to baseline, balance threshold was reduced in 10/28 (36%) evaluable participants assessed at the end of chemotherapy, and persistent in 7/22 (32%) at 6 months. CIPN was identified in 86% at end of chemotherapy and persisted to 6 months after chemotherapy completion in 73%. Falls or near falls were reported by 12/34 (35%) participants, and were associated with impaired VR balance threshold (P = 0.002). Conclusions: While VR balance assessment was no better at identifying CIPN than existing measures, it is a potential surrogate method to assess patients at risk of falls from CIPN. © 2022 The Authors. Internal Medicine Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Royal Australasian College of Physicians.

Thangaraj, M. and K. S. Gomathi (2019). "Design and development of MDOE for virtual tourism management for elderly people." International Journal of Recent Technology and Engineering 8(2): 3558-3562.
	The unstoppable growth of the internet as a communicationtoolfor travel and tourism poses greater challenges to tourism industries. Virtual tours have turned out to be an effective tool in engaging the customers with the Tourism companies. For older adults who wish to traveldespite their age and disability, the real world becomes very wide and stifling. But they may be able to escape from this isolation to the degree through virtual reality. Technology has largely shaped the way tourism projects are marketed in the contemporary industry. The direct and lasting impact of the unprecedented growth of technology, particularly in the tourism industry is strongly felt in the Virtual Reality technology which provides extraordinary opportunities. The recent developments in information and communication technologies (ICTs) have transformed tourism rapidly, with impacts on all areas in Tourist’s demand for Tourism management.Though aging process has adversely affected the physical health of senior citizen it can not little be their spirit and wish to travel to see places of interest. Health issues may also become a factor that arises during the trip they plan. Old people may be affected by environmental changes, climatic changes and changes in food, a factor that tourism providers should keep in mind while planning a tour.A virtual tour is a simulation of an existing location, usually composed of a sequence of videos, static images, sound effects, music, narration, and text. This paper presents Multi Disciplinary Ontology Engine (MDOE) which has been designedfor elderly people in the way they wish to enjoy the travel experience. This paper specially focuses on how the virtual tour fulfils the desires of the senior citizens with various algorithms andsatisfiesthem in the way they expect. © BEIESP.

Thorsness, R., et al. (2016). "Cost Drivers after Surgical Management of Proximal Humerus Fractures in Medicare Patients." Journal of Orthopaedic Trauma 30(5): 262-268.
	Objectives: This comparative effectiveness study sought to determine the impact of complications, readmission, and procedure choice on in-hospital and total 90-day costs for surgical management of proximal humerus fractures. Methods: Medicare claims data from the Upstate New York area (2008-2009) were evaluated. The study included all patients treated with open reduction and internal fixation (ORIF) or hemiarthroplasty for proximal humerus fracture identified by ICD-9 codes. The primary end points included in-hospital costs and total health care costs within 90 days after the index operation. Multivariable generalized linear models with negative binomial distributions and log link function were used for cost analysis. Results: ORIF was performed in 52 cases and hemiarthroplasty in 57 cases, total n 109. On univariate analysis, readmission increased in-hospital cost by $54,345 and total 90-day costs by $63,104, whereas complications increased in-hospital cost by $23,300 and total 90-day costs by $30,237. On multivariable analysis, ORIF was associated with 29% lower in-hospital cost compared with hemiarthroplasty [Odds Ratio 0.71; 95% Confidence Interval (CI), 0.54-0.92; P 0.01], and readmission was associated with a 5.68-fold in-hospital cost increase (Odds Ratio 5.68; CI, 3.57-9.03; P < 0.0001). Conclusions: Complications and hospital readmission continue to drive cost upward underscoring the need for best practice. The acute inpatient period costs may be decreased with ORIF in appropriately selected patients with proximal humerus fractures in comparison with hemiarthroplasty. This study provides real world cost estimates with the cost implications of complications, readmissions, and procedure choice. Level of Evidence: Economic Level IV. See Instructions for Authors for a complete description of levels of evidence. © 2015 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.

Tien, C. W., et al. (2022). "Effects of Mat Exergame-Based Multicomponent Training on the Standing Balance of Community-Dwelling Older Adults With and Without Fall Risk." GAMES FOR HEALTH JOURNAL 11(3): 186-192.
	Objective: Exergames may enhance postural stability and prevent falls. This study investigated the effects of mat exergame-based multicomponent training on the static and dynamic standing balance capacities of community-dwelling older adults. Materials and Methods: Study participants comprised 34 community-dwelling older adults who were assigned into the high-risk group (yes to at least one question) or low-risk group (no to all three questions) based on the 3-item subset of a fall risk questionnaire. A 2-hour Stampede mat exergaming, including resistance, aerobics, flexibility, and balance training, was completed weekly for 3 months. The postural stability test, fall risk test, limits of stability (LOS) test, and the modified clinical test of sensory interaction and balance were conducted using the Biodex Balance System SD before and after the intervention. Intervention effects within and between groups were compared. Results: After the intervention, significant improvements in the fall risk index (FRI, P = 0.007) and overall stability index (OSI, P = 0.008) were observed in the high-risk group (n = 18; mean age, 71.0 ± 4.7 years). Medium effect sizes (ESs) were noted in the low-risk group (n = 16; mean age, 70.8 ± 4.4 years) for the FRI (ES = 0.35), OSI (ES = 0.43), and LOS (ES = 0.40-0.45). The change scores were not different between groups. Conclusion: Mat exergame-based multicomponent training is effective in enhancing the standing balance. Exergame-based intervention is recommended for balance training among older adults. © 2022, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers.

Tsai, A., et al. (2022). "Deep learning of birth-related infant clavicle fractures: a potential virtual consultant for fracture dating." Pediatric Radiology 52(11): 2206-2214.
	Background: In infant abuse investigations, dating of skeletal injuries from radiographs is desirable to reach a clear timeline of traumatic events. Prior studies have used infant birth-related clavicle fractures as a surrogate to develop a framework for dating of abuse-related fractures. Objective: To develop and train a deep learning algorithm that can accurately date infant birth-related clavicle fractures. Materials and methods: We modified a deep learning model initially designed for face-age estimation to date infant clavicle fractures. We conducted a computerized search of imaging reports and other medical records at a tertiary children’s hospital to identify radiographs of birth-related clavicle fracture in infants ≤ 3 months old (July 2003 to March 2021). We used the resultant database for model training, validation and testing. We evaluated the performance of the deep learning model via a four-fold cross-validation procedure, and calculated accuracy metrics: mean absolute error (MAE), root mean square error (RMSE), intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) and cumulative score. Results: The curated database consisted of 416 clavicle radiographs from 213 infants. Average chronological age (equivalent to fracture age) at time of imaging was 24 days. This model estimated the ages of the clavicle fractures with MAE of 4.2 days, RMSE of 6.3 days and ICC of 0.919. On average, 83.7% of the fracture age estimates were accurate to within 7 days of the ground truth. Conclusion: Our deep learning study provides encouraging results for radiographic dating of infant clavicle fractures. With further development and validation, this model might serve as a virtual consultant to radiologists estimating fracture ages in cases of suspected infant abuse. © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.

Uǧur, F. and M. Sertel (2020). "The Effect of Virtual Reality Applications on Balance and Gait Speed in Individuals with Alzheimer Dementia: A Pilot Study." TOPICS IN GERIATRIC REHABILITATION 36(4): 221-229.
	Objective: The aim of the study is to investigate the effect of virtual reality applications on balance and gait speed in individuals with Alzheimer dementia. Method: The study consisted of 32 individuals diagnosed as mild or moderate Alzheimer dementia by the neurologist. The balance, fall risks, and gait speed were assessed. The training group was trained with games selected from different categories such as balance and aerobic exercises with Nintendo Wii virtual reality device for 6 weeks, 1 session of 30 minutes, 2 times a week. Results: The values of the 5-time sit-to-stand test and gait speed scores resulted that the training group had significantly lower scores than the control group. Tinetti balance score was decreased in the control group and increased in the training group. Conclusion: It is appropriate to add virtual reality applications to routine rehabilitation programs in order to increase patient's balance and gait speed in people with dementia. Clinical Trials.gov Identifier: NCT03928405. © 2020 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.

Valente, P. S. M. C., et al. (2021). "Development and usability evaluation of an application for patients with glaucoma." INTERNATIONAL OPHTHALMOLOGY 41(10): 3419-3425.
	Introduction: Glaucoma is a progressive optic neuropathy that requires continuous monitoring. The purpose of the study was to develop and evaluate the usability of a mobile application, for iOS and Android platforms, containing functionalities to improve patients’ knowledge about glaucoma and facilitate their treatment. Methods: The application was developed by a multidisciplinary team using an adapted version of a co-design methodology. Volunteers were selected, among patients and patients' relatives, from the Instituto Cearense de Oftalmologia, chosen by rational choice sampling, to answer the system usability scale after having prior orientation. The results extracted from the questionnaire were analyzed quantitatively. After grouping by age, a proportions test (z-test) was performed. Results: It was possible to develop an application for mobile devices named “GlaucoCheck.” Of the 36 interviewees, the average age was 51 (22–69) years old, 56% were women, and 30.5% had a university degree. The average APP score for usability in the SUS questionnaire was 75.6 (95% CI 74.1–77.2). Conclusion: There was an appropriate acceptance of patients to the “GlaucoCheck”, as it was considered easy to handle, exhibiting interactive and uncomplicated layout. It was possible to develop an application and to register a positive acceptance by the users, encompassing functions that permits better adherence to treatments and additional knowledge about glaucoma. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.

Vellguth, K., et al. (2018). "Development of a modeling pipeline for the prediction of hemodynamic outcome after virtual mitral valve repair using image-based CFD." INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF COMPUTER ASSISTED RADIOLOGY AND SURGERY 13(11): 1795-1805.
	Purpose: Severe mitral valve regurgitation can either be treated by a replacement or a repair of the valve. The latter is recommended due to lower perioperative mortality and better long-term survival. On the other hand, recurrence rates after mitral valve repair are high compared to those after replacements and the repair intervention can cause induced mitral valve stenosis. So far, there are no methods to predict the hemodynamic outcome of a chosen treatment or to compare different treatment options in advance. To overcome this, diastolic mitral valve hemodynamics are simulated using computational fluid dynamics after different virtual treatments of the valve. Methods: The left ventricular geometry of one patient was reconstructed using trans-esophageal echocardiography and computed tomography data. Pre-op hemodynamics are simulated using a referenced wall model to avoid expansive modeling of wall motion. Subsequently, the flow structures are compared to in vivo measurements. After manipulating the patient-specific geometry in order to mimic a restrictive mitral annuloplasty as well as a MitraClip intervention, hemodynamics results are calculated. Results: Good agreements exist between calculated pre-op hemodynamics and in vivo measurements. The virtual annuloplasty did not result in any remarkable change of hemodynamics. Neither the pressure drop nor the velocity field showed strong differences. In contrast, the virtual MitraClip intervention led to a complete change in blood flow structures as well as an elevated pressure drop across the valve. Conclusion: The presented approach allows fast simulation of the diastolic hemodynamic situation before and after treatment of a mitral valve insufficiency. However, this approach is limited to the early diastolic phase of the cardiac cycle and needs to be validated using a larger sample size. © 2018, CARS.

Voi, E. L., et al. (2021). "Cerebellar Atrophy Associated with Primary Sjögren’s Syndrome: Diagnosis, Therapy, and Virtual Reality Rehabilitation: A Case Report." Innovations in Clinical Neuroscience 18(7-9): 11-17.
	Cerebellar involvement in primary Sjögren’s syndrome (pSS) is an uncommon condition, with only a limited number of cases described worldwide. A 43-year-old woman affected by cerebellar atrophy associated with pSS was referred to our center to undergo a cycle of physical rehabilitation therapy. Although motor symptoms started when the patient was 23 years of age, the underlying disease remained undiagnosed for several years. Neurological examination before rehabilitation revealed ataxic gait, dysmetria, nystagmus, and hypermetric saccades; the patients complained about unsteadiness while standing or walking. To improve balance and gait abilities, a 20-session cycle of balance rehabilitation, based on a combination of conventional physical therapy and virtual reality exergames, was prescribed. The outcomes of rehabilitation were evaluated with balance tests and three-dimensional (3D) gait analysis. To our knowledge, this is the first case describing the diagnostic workout for cerebellar atrophy associated with pSS and the subsequent motor rehabilitation. This work highlights the importance of early diagnosis and rehabilitation in patients with central nervous system involvement in pSS. © 2021, Matrix Medical Communications. All rights reserved.

Vojciechowski, A. S., et al. (2018). "Effects of physical training with the Nintendo Wii Fit Plus® and protein supplementation on musculoskeletal function and the risk of falls in pre-frail older women: Protocol for a randomized controlled clinical trial (the WiiProtein study)." MATURITAS 111: 53-60.
	Background: Frailty is one of the key geriatric syndromes and is related to the loss of functional independence. However, the practice of physical training (PT) combined with protein supplementation (PS) may improve musculoskeletal function (MF). Objective: To verify the effect of PT using ‘exergames’ with or without PS on MF, nutritional status, and risk of falls in pre-frail older women. Method: The protocol is for a randomized controlled clinical trial with a sample of pre-frail older women, divided into 5 groups: control group; PT using exergames; PS; PT using exergames combined with PS; PT using exergames combined with isoenergetic supplementation. The primary outcomes will be: the strength and power of the lower limbs, assessed by isokinetic dynamometer and the sit-and-stand test carried out 5 times; muscle architecture, assessed by ultrasound; body composition, assessed by anthropometric measurements, bioelectrical impedance and dual energy X-ray absorptiometry; and functional mobility and risk of falls, assessed using the Timed-Up and Go test. The secondary outcomes will be: centre of pressure (CoP), assessed using a force plate; and fear of falling, assessed using the Falls Efficacy Scale – International, Brazil. PT using exergames with a gradual increase in the mass weighted vest will be carried out twice a week for 50 min over 3 months. The supplements will be ingested 5 days a week for 3 months. All outcomes will be assessed before and after 3 months. Discussion: The WiiProtein study will be the first clinical trial to examine the effects of PT using exergames with progressive resistance, which may or may not be combined with PS, on MF, nutritional status, and risk of falls in pre-frail older women. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.

Wagner, M. E. H., et al. (2015). "Development and first clinical application of automated virtual reconstruction of unilateral midface defects." JOURNAL OF CRANIO-MAXILLOFACIAL SURGERY 43(8): 1340-1347.
	Purpose Computer-assisted surgery is used for decision making, treatment, and quality control throughout the reconstruction process of unilateral midface defects. The current approaches exploit the symmetry of the face by mirroring the intact side on the defect side using various segmentation methods. All commercially available implementations, however, are somewhat time consuming and dependent on the level of expertise of the user. We present a method for automatic reconstruction of unilateral midface defects using registration. Material and methods To reconstruct a skull by registration, the defect volume has to be virtually deleted from the skull. This modified data set is then mirrored and registered onto the original, defect-free skull. The fusion of these two skulls is the virtual reconstructed skull bridging the defect. Reconstruction by registration was performed for 24 different skulls without motion or dental restoration artifacts. Subsequently, simulation was performed with four accurately defined, various-sized, defects of the orbito-zygomatic complex. The results of the automated virtual reconstructions were compared with those obtained for the same defects as determined using conventional atlas-based planning software (iPlan). To simulate various clinical situations, four groups each containing six skulls were evaluated: the complete skull, midface and neurocranium, midface and lower jaw, and midface alone. The differences were compared using the similarity coefficients of Sørensen-Dice and Jaccard. Statistical analyses were performed using the t-test and Mann-Whitney U test. Results The reconstruction results were similar for all the groups. The Sørensen-Dice coefficients of similarity for all reconstructed skulls were 0.869 and 0.874 for the registration and atlas-based reconstructions, respectively. The corresponding Jaccard coefficients were 0.774 and 0.781, respectively. Atlas-based reconstruction showed significantly better results in group 3 (midface and lower jaw) alone. Conclusion Virtual automated reconstruction by registration had equivalent accuracy to conventional atlas-based reconstruction across a spectrum of defects, from simple orbital to complex orbito-zygomatic defects. However, for those involving the midface and lower jaw, atlas-based reconstruction showed significantly better results. Although the new approach is somewhat hardware demanding, it is user independent, dispensing with the need for time-consuming adjustments to the results of planning. The first clinical application of registration reconstruction revealed performance equivalent to that of the conventional approach. © 2015 European Association for Cranio-Maxillo-Facial Surgery. All rights reserved.

Wang, H., et al. (2018). "Corrective Osteotomies for Complex Intra-Articular Tibial Plateau Malunions using Three-Dimensional Virtual Planning and Novel Patient-Specific Guides." Journal of Knee Surgery 31(7): 642-648.
	Corrective osteotomy of intra-articular tibial plateau malunions is technically demanding for orthopaedic surgeons. The aim of our study was to evaluate the feasibility of the combination of three-dimensional (3D) virtual planning and novel patient-specific guides for assisting correction of complex intra-articular tibial plateau malunions. Six patients with posttraumatic intra-articular tibial plateau malunions were included. Preoperatively 3D models of the tibias were reconstructed using the computed tomography scan data. Virtual surgical planning was performed, and patient-specific guides for osteotomy and reduction were designed, which were then 3D printed. Intraoperatively they were applied to guide the osteotomy and reduction. After surgery, radiographs were taken to evaluate the knee joint surface. The operating surgeons were asked to complete the Likert scale questionnaire to assess their attitude to the novel technology. The guides were successfully used for guiding osteotomy correction of malunion in all patients. Postoperative radiographs showed the articular step-off was considerably reduced and the articular congruency was satisfactory in all patients. The results of the questionnaire demonstrated a high level of surgeon satisfaction and acceptance to the technology. For selective patients with complex intra-articular tibial plateau malunions, the novel technique could serve as a valuable option for guiding precise malunion correction. © 2018 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.

Wang, X., et al. (2024). "Effects of Virtual Reality-Assisted and Overground Gait Adaptation Training on Balance and Walking Ability in Stroke Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial." American Journal of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation 103(6): 480-487.
	Objective This study compared the effects of virtual reality-assisted gait adaptation training with the overground gait adaptation training on balance and walking in patients with stroke. Methods Fifty-four eligible patients were enrolled. All patients were randomly divided into a virtual reality and control group, with 27 patients in each group. The virtual reality group received virtual reality-assisted training on the treadmill, whereas the control group received overground training in a physical therapy room. After the intervention, patients were assessed using walking speed, obstacle avoidance ability, Timed Up and Go test, postural stability, and the Barthel Index. Results Significant improvements in walking speed, obstacle avoidance ability, Timed Up and Go test, and eye-opening center of pressure speed were observed after the intervention (P < 0.05). No statistically significant differences were found in eye-closing center of pressure speed, tandem center of pressure speed, single-leg center of pressure speed, and Barthel Index (P > 0.05). Conclusions Stroke patients may benefit from virtual reality-assisted gait adaptation training in improving walking and static balance function and reducing the risk of falls. © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.

Wisting, L., et al. (2021). "Feasibility of a virtually delivered eating disorder prevention program for young females with type 1 diabetes." INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF EATING DISORDERS 54(9): 1696-1706.
	Objective: This study aimed to develop a virtual diabetes-specific version of the eating disorder (ED) prevention program the Body Project, and to assess feasibility and preliminary efficacy of this program for young females with type 1 diabetes. Method: Young females with type 1 diabetes aged 16–35 years were invited to participate in the study. A total of 35 participants were allocated to five Diabetes Body Project groups (six meetings over 6 weeks) and completed pretest assessments; 26 participants completed all sessions and posttest assessments (<7 days after last meeting). Primary measures included ED risk factors and symptoms, and secondary outcomes included diabetes-specific constructs previously found to be associated with ED psychopathology (e.g., diabetes distress and illness perceptions). Results: The ease of recruitment, timely conduct of five groups, moderate drop-out rate and appreciation of the intervention by participants indicated that the Diabetes Body Project is feasible. Meaningful reductions occurred on the primary outcomes (i.e., ED psychopathology, body dissatisfaction, and thin ideal internalization) and on internalization of appearance ideals and appearance pressures at posttest (Cohen's d ranging from.63 to.83, which are medium to large effects). Small to medium effect sizes were found for diabetes illness perceptions and distress (.41 and.48, respectively). Discussion: The virtual Diabetes Body Project is a promising and much-needed intervention, worthy of more rigorous evaluation. A randomized controlled trial is warranted to determine its effectiveness compared with a control condition. © 2021 The Authors. International Journal of Eating Disorders published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.

Wu, J., et al. (2024). "The efficacy of virtual reality technology for the postoperative rehabilitation of patients with cervical spondylotic myelopathy (CSM): a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial." TRIALS 25(1).
	Background: Patients with cervical spondylosis myelopathy (CSM) may experience severe neurological dysfunction due to untimely spinal cord compression after surgery. These disorders may lead to sensory and motion disorders, causing considerable psychological distress. Recent studies found that virtual reality (VR) technology can be an effective tool for treating spinal cord injuries. Owing to this discovery, we developed an exploratory research project to investigate the impact of this intervention on the postoperative recovery of patients with CSM. Methods: The purpose of this randomized controlled trial was to evaluate the efficacy of combining VR technology with conventional rehabilitation strategies for the postoperative rehabilitation of patients with CSM. A total of 78 patients will be recruited and randomized to either the conventional rehabilitation group or the group subjected to VR technology combined with conventional rehabilitation strategies. The Japanese Orthopaedic Association (JOA) scale will be the main tool used, and secondary outcomes will be measured via the visual analogue scale (VAS), neck disability index (NDI), and functional MRI (fMRI). The data analysis will identify differences between the intervention and control groups as well as any relationship between the intragroup changes in the functional area of the brain and the subjective scale scores after the intervention. Discussion: The aim of this trial is to investigate the effect of VR training on the postoperative rehabilitation of patients with CSM after 12 intervention treatments. Positive and negative outcomes will help us better understand the effectiveness of the intervention and its neural impact. If effective, this study could provide new options for the postoperative rehabilitation of patients with CSM. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (ChiCTR2300071544). Registered 17 May 2023, https://www.chictr.org.cn/. © The Author(s) 2024.

Xia, S., et al. (2019). "Computed Tomography Imaging-Based Preoperative Virtual Simulation for Calcaneal Fractures Reduction." Journal of Foot and Ankle Surgery 58(2): 248-252.
	Reduction of calcaneal fractures via a small incision approach at the sinus tarsi is technically difficult. This study was undertaken to determine if preoperative virtual simulation based on computed tomographic data improves reduction and reduces complications. Fifty-five patients with calcaneal fractures were treated via the sinus tarsi approach with minimally invasive plates between February 2013 and December 2015. DICOM files obtained from computed tomographic imaging preoperatively were imported into Superimage software, and virtual surgery was performed. Preoperative planning time, operative time, and complications were recorded. Clinical function was analyzed with radiology and with the American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society and visual analogue scale scores. As a result, preoperative planning time was 30.7 ± 4.1 minutes, which increased with the severity of the fracture (Sanders III vs Sanders II: 34.2 ± 2.5 minutes vs 27.8 ± 2.7 minutes), which was in line with the real surgery, with a mean operative time of 86.7 ± 4.5 minutes (Sanders III vs Sanders II: 89.5 ± 2.7 minutes vs 84.3 ± 4.4 minutes). Radiologic results indicated that the calcaneal width, length, height, Böhler angle, and Gissane angle were significantly corrected from preoperatively to postoperatively. After a mean follow-up of 21.5 ± 6.1 months, no complications were observed. The mean American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society score was 88.7 ± 4.0, with an excellent/good rate of 94.5% (52 of 55). The mean visual analogue scale score was 0.8 ± 0.9. In conclusion, preoperative virtual simulation may be efficient to promote accomplishment of sinus tarsi surgery, and this step may help improve outcomes for calcaneal fractures. © 2018 the American College of Foot and Ankle Surgeons

Xia, S., et al. (2015). "Computerized virtual surgery planning for ORIF of proximal humeral fractures." Orthopedics 38(5): e428-e433.
	The authors evaluated the effectiveness of computerized virtual planning for open reduction and internal fixation (ORIF) of proximal humeral fractures. Between June 2011 and July 2013, a total of 46 patients with proximal humeral fractures were included in the current study. Preoperatively, fracture data were obtained via computed tomography (CT) reconstruction. Based on the dataset obtained from CT scanning, the 3-dimensional model of fractures was constructed and virtual segmentation, restoration, and internal fixation were performed. All eligible cases were treated by ORIF with locking plates. Intraoperatively, operative time, blood loss, and fluoroscope frequency were recorded. Postoperatively, the curative effect was evaluated by quality of fracture restoration reconstruction and plate position. In addition, fracture healing time and complications were recorded in the follow-up period. Average operative time was 85.6 minutes, and intraoperative blood loss ranged from 60 to 150 mL. Postoperatively, 1 patient experienced avascular necrosis, and no cases of screw penetration or screw loosening were observed. The coincidence rate of plate position was 91.3% according to height and 95.7% based on the position of the intertubercular sulcus and greater tuberosity. At the end of the follow-up period, mean shoulder function score was 83.9 (range, 58-96). Eighty-seven percent of patients had an excellent or good outcome. Computerized virtual planning facilitated ORIF and showed good results for patients with complex proximal humeral fractures. It may be a favorable option for treating fractures of the proximal humerus. Copyright © SLACK Incorporated.

Yadav, L., et al. (2021). "“Context, content, and system” supporting digital health hub (DHH)–enabled models of care (MoCs) for fragility hip fractures: perspectives of diverse multidisciplinary stakeholders in South Australia from qualitative in-depth interviews." Archives of Osteoporosis 16(1).
	Summary: Combining thematic analysis and a human–computer persuasive systems framework suggests that hip fracture recovery among older people can be enhanced through person-centered digital health hub models of care focused on behavior change education and integrated care. The findings intend to guide settings involving comorbid conditions and low- and middle-income countries in developing innovative digital health solutions. Purpose: The purpose of this study was to understand stakeholders’ perspectives on the development of a digital health-enabled model of care for fragility hip fractures and to map out factors that could influence the design and implementation of such a model. Methods: Qualitative in-depth interviews were conducted with stakeholders from various clinical disciplines, allied health, and computer science. A hybrid process involving thematic analysis of the raw data using inductive coding was the first step. In the second step, the tenets of a theoretical framework (health behavior change supporting systems) were deductively applied to the thematic constructs generated as part of the first step of the analysis. Results: In total, 24 in-depth interviews were conducted with stakeholders. We identified 18 thematic constructs presented under the categories of context, content, and system. Context covered patient characteristics such as frailty, digital literacy, and patient or carer participation, whereas healthcare delivery aspects included the structure and culture of existing practice and the need for innovative holistic models of care. Content outlines the active ingredients and approach in developing a digital health hub, and it highlights the importance of targeted education and behavior change. The system is a complicated matrix crossing different aspects of healthcare and offering a value proposition design through personalization across modes of content delivery. This must foster trust, ensure adequate financing, and support ownership and privacy by establishing appropriate mechanisms for embedding change. Conclusion: The findings from this study provide insights around potential factors related to patients, community support, and healthcare delivery influencing the design and next-stage implementation of a digital health hub model of care for fragility hip fractures. © 2021, International Osteoporosis Foundation and National Osteoporosis Foundation.

Yang, C., et al. (2021). "The Effect of Video Game–Based Interventions on Performance and Cognitive Function in Older Adults: Bayesian Network Meta-analysis." JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 9(4).
	Background: The decline in performance of older people includes balance function, physical function, and fear of falling and depression. General cognitive function decline is described in terms of processing speed, working memory, attention, and executive functioning, and video game interventions may be effective. Objective: This study evaluates the effect of video game interventions on performance and cognitive function in older participants in terms of 6 indicators: balance function, executive function, general cognitive function, physical function, processing speed, and fear of falling and depression. Methods: Electronic databases were searched for studies from inception to June 30, 2020. Randomized controlled trials and case-controlled trials comparing video game interventions versus nonvideo game control in terms of performance and cognitive function outcomes were incorporated into a Bayesian network meta-analysis. All data were continuous variables. Results: In total, 47 studies (3244 participants) were included. In pairwise meta-analysis, compared with nonvideo game control, video game interventions improved processing speed, general cognitive function, and depression scores. In the Bayesian network meta-analysis, interventions with video games improved balance function time (standardized mean difference [SMD] –3.34, 95% credible interval [CrI] –5.54 to –2.56), the cognitive function score (SMD 1.23, 95% CrI 0.82-1.86), processing speed time (SMD –0.29, 95% CrI –0.49 to –0.08), and processing speed number (SMD 0.72, 95% CrI 0.36-1.09), similar to the pairwise meta-analysis. Interventions with video games with strong visual senses and good interactivity ranked first, and these might be more beneficial for the elderly. Conclusions: Our comprehensive Bayesian network meta-analysis provides evidence that video game interventions could be considered for the elderly for improving performance and cognitive function, especially general cognitive scores and processing speed. Games with better interactivity and visual stimulation have better curative effects. Based on the available evidence, we recommend video game interventions for the elderly. © Chao Yang, Xiaolei Han, Mingxue Jin, Jianhui Xu, Yiren Wang, Yajun Zhang, Chonglong Xu, Yingshi Zhang, Enshi Jin, Chengzhe Piao.

Yang, C. M., et al. (2020). "Effects of Kinect exergames on balance training among community older adults: A randomized controlled trial." Medicine (United States) 99(28): E21228.
	Background:Recent years have witnessed wide applications of exergames to balance training among the older adults. However, research concerning balance training with the use of Kinect for Xbox has remained scarce. While previous studies have shown the positive effects of exergames on improving balance and preventing falling among the older adults, there has been a paucity of empirical evidence supporting the superiority of Kinect exercise to conventional exercise over balance training among the older adults. Therefore, this study aimed to compare the feasibility, safety, and effectiveness of Kinect exercise against conventional exercise over balance training among the community older adults.Method:A total of 20 participants were randomly assigned to the Kinect Exercise Group (N = 10) or the Conventional Exercise Group (N = 10) for a 5-week balance training (45 minutes a time, 2 times a week). Assessor blinding was employed to assess the participants' performance before and after the treatment, including 30-Second Chair Stand Test (30-sec CST), Timed Up and Go (TUG), Functional Reach Test (FRT), and One-Leg Stance Test (OLST) respectively with eyes open and closed. Subjective feeling of the intensity of pain and side effects were recorded throughout the investigation period. Nonparametric statistics was used for data analysis.Results:Within-group comparison between the pre-Test and post-Test indicated that significant differences existed in all of the 5 tests (30-sec CST, TUG, FRT, OLST with eyes open, and OLST with eyes closed) in the Kinect exercise group. To the Conventional exercise group, however, significant differences were only observed in 30-sec CST, FRT and OLST with eyes open. With regard to between-group comparison, significant differences were only found in FRT.Conclusion:Such results indicated that both treatments were helpful in improving the participants' balance performance, that Kinect exercise was more effective in terms of overall balance ability, and that Kinect exercise was particularly beneficial to functional reach enhancement in comparison with traditional exercise. Kinect exercise could be a feasible, safe, and effective alternative for dynamic balance training among older adults. © 2020 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.

Yang, Y., et al. (2023). "The effect of visual-vestibular sensory input consistency on standing stability and electroencephalogram brain network characteristics in the elderly." Acta Physiologica Sinica 75(6): 918-926.
	Aging is a crucial factor influencing postural stability control and contributing to frequent falls, yet its underlying mechanisms remain incompletely understood. This study aims to explore the effects of aging on postural stability control by comparing differences in postural stability and node strength of electroencephalogram (EEG) brain network between elderly and young people under the conditions of congruent and incongruent visual-vestibular sensory inputs. Eighteen elderly volunteers without neuromuscular disorders and eighteen young individuals participated in the present study. Virtual reality (VR) technology was employed to manipulate visual rotation stimuli (clockwise and counterclockwise), and a horizontal rotating platform was used for vestibular rotation stimuli (clockwise). Based on the directional disparity of sensory input in the horizontal plane, visual-vestibular input consistency was categorized as congruent and incongruent. Postural stability was assessed by the center of pressure (COP) trajectory, and EEG signals were collected and analyzed using directed network analysis to observe EEG brain network node connectivity strength. The results revealed that, under conditions of incongruent visual-vestibular sensory inputs, the elderly exhibited significantly inferior postural stability performance in terms of COP anterior-posterior (Y-axial) sway speed, total path length, anterior-posterior and medial-lateral sample entropy, compared to the young adults. Moreover, the node connectivity strength of visual cortex in the elderly was notably higher, while node connectivity strength of superior temporal cortex was significantly lower than that in the young adults. These findings suggest that the elderly have a heightened reliance on visual information in postural control and an impaired ability to cope with sensory conflicts arising from incongruent visual-vestibular sensory inputs, leading to compromised postural stability. The outcomes of this study hold significant implications for future assessments of balance function in the elder and fall prevention trainings. © 2023 Science Press. All rights reserved.

Yilmaz, N. and M. Kösehasanoğulları (2024). "The effectiveness of virtual reality exercise games on balance functions and fear of falling in women with osteoporosis." RHEUMATOLOGY INTERNATIONAL 44(6): 1071-1076.
	To investigate and compare the effectiveness of Nintendo Wii games and home exercises on balance functions in patients with osteoporosis, an important disease adversely affecting balance functions. The patients included in the study were randomized into two groups the Wii exercise group (n = 30) and the home exercise group (n = 30). Wii exercise group performed balance exercises with a Nintendo Wii device and balance board three times a week for 12 weeks under the supervision of a physiotherapist in the hospital, and home exercise group was prescribed home exercises three days a week for 12 weeks. Balance functions were evaluated with the timed up-and-go-test and Berg Balance Scale, and the fall risk was evaluated with the Falls Efficacy Scale at the beginning and end of 12 weeks of treatment. Comparison of pre- and post-treatment timed up-and-go-test, Berg Balance Scale, and Falls Efficacy Scale results in both groups revealed statistically significant improvements (p = 0.001; p < 0.05). Furthermore, post-treatment test scores between the two groups demonstrated a significant enhancement in Wii exercise group regarding the Berg Balance Scale score (Mean ± SD 52.9 ± 3.63) (p = 0.001; p < 0.05). Within the osteoporotic population, balance functions serve as robust predictors of fall risk. Improvement in balance functions is crucial for the prevention of falls and subsequent osteoporotic fractures. In our study, we found that balance exercises performed with Wii games are effective in improving balance functions in patients with osteoporosis. © The Author(s) 2024.

Yogev-Seligmann, G., et al. (2023). "The development of a home-based technology to improve gait in people with Parkinson's disease: a feasibility study." BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING ONLINE 22(1).
	Background: People with Parkinson’s disease (PwP) may experience gait impairment and freezing of gait (FOG), a major cause of falls. External cueing, including visual (e.g., spaced lines on the floor) and auditory (e.g., rhythmic metronome beats) stimuli, are considered effective in alleviating mobility deficits and FOG. Currently, there is a need for a technology that delivers automatic, individually adjusted cues in the homes of PwP. The aims of this feasibility study were to describe the first step toward the development of a home-based technology that delivers external cues, test its effect on gait, and assess user experience. Methods: Iterative system development was performed by our multidisciplinary team. The system was designed to deliver visual and auditory cues: light stripes projected on the floor and metronome beats, separately. Initial testing was performed using the feedback of five healthy elderly individuals on the cues’ clarity (clear visibility of the light stripes and the sound of metronome beats) and discomfort experienced. A pilot study was subsequently conducted in the homes of 15 PwP with daily FOG. We measured participants' walking under three conditions: baseline (with no cues), walking with light stripes, and walking to metronome beats. Outcome measures included step length and step time. User experience was also captured in semi-structured interviews. Results: Repeated-measures ANOVA of gait assessment in PwP revealed that light stripes significantly improved step length (p = 0.009) and step time (p = 0.019) of PwP. No significant changes were measured in the metronome condition. PwP reported that both cueing modalities improved their gait, confidence, and stability. Most PwP did not report any discomfort in either modality and expressed a desire to have such a technology in their homes. The metronome was preferred by the majority of participants. Conclusions: This feasibility study demonstrated the usability and potential effect of a novel cueing technology on gait, and represents an important first step toward the development of a technology aimed to prevent FOG by delivering individually adjusted cues automatically. A further full-scale study is needed. Trial registration This study was registered in ClinicalTrials.gov at 1/2/2022 NCT05211687. © 2023, The Author(s).

Yu, C. W., et al. (2020). "Development and preliminary usability evaluation of a somatosensory square dance system for older chinese persons: Mixed methods study." JMIR SERIOUS GAMES 8(2).
	Background: Chinese square dancing, known as guangchang wu in Chinese, is a well-known public fitness activity that provides an entertaining way for older Chinese women to improve their flexibility, lower extremity strength, overall coordination, and balance. However, injuries, noise conflicts, and lack of space are challenging aspects of this activity. Somatosensory games (SG) are an increasingly popular physical fitness approach to enhance the selective attention of older persons with indoor engagement and exercises. Objective: The objectives of this study were to develop a newly designed somatosensory square dance system for older Chinese people and to evaluate its usability. Methods: This is a mixed methods study. The newly designed somatosensory square dance system is a somatic training tool that provides adequate Chinese square dance fitness training based on Laban Movement Analysis (LMA) and design guidelines established in a previous stage. The usability evaluation involved a questionnaire and interviews. Twelve participants were interviewed before and after experiencing the 15-minute dancing and learning process within the program. In addition, participants scored their experience satisfaction in psychological, physiological, and relaxation sections on a scale of 1 to 5 using a questionnaire. Qualitative content analysis and quantitative analysis of the satisfaction scores supported understanding of usability problems. Results: Based on the interview results, 6/12 (50%) of the participants thought the system could help them correct their dancing movements indoors without being affected by poor outdoor weather. Among the participants, 3/12 (25%) indicated that this indoor system could enable them to enjoy fitness activities in a private space. Moreover, 3/12 participants (25%) stated that this system could promote family relationships by providing easy dancing movements. All participants were highly satisfied with the relaxation aspect of the system (4.45/5). The participants were all psychologically satisfied and interested in the novel features of the system, with an average score of 4.16/5. Physiologically, participants affirmed that the system could help them maintain good health (4.91/5). Conclusions: The results of this study suggest that the somatosensory square dance system can be used as an indoor fitness tool to improve older Chinese square dancers’ health conditions with reasonable dance training. Noise and space conflicts can be addressed. The Laban Elated Square Dance system, which was modified by therapists based on LMA and square dance design guidelines, was highly approved by dancers because it decreased the possibility of injuries, falls, and joint damage by considering the physical and psychological difficulties of older persons. Different features will be considered in the next stage, such as greater selection of exercises and difficulty level settings. Users’ social needs will also be explored in subsequent stages. © 2020 JMIR Publications. All Rights Reserved.

Zanotto, T., et al. (2014). "Effect of exercise on dual-task and balance on elderly in multiple disease conditions." Current aging science 7(2): 115-136.
	Investigations on how exercise and physical activity affect dual-task (DT) performance in the elderly are growing rapidly due to the fact that DT activities are commonplace with activities of daily living. Preliminary evidence has shown the benefit in exercise on DT balance, though it is unclear to what extent the effect exercise has on DT performance in elderly subjects with disease conditions, including subjects with a high risk of falls. Hence, the objective of this study was to critically review the existing evidence of a potential relationship between exercise and improvement of static and dynamic balance during DT conditions as well as secondary outcomes in elderly subjects with different disease conditions. A systematic search using online databases was performed to source documents. Inclusion criteria sourced articles classified as randomized controlled trials (RCT), controlled trials (CT) and uncontrolled trials (UT). Moreover, the studies had to administrate an exercise or physical activity protocol in the intervention. Seventeen studies met the eligibility criteria and were comprised of 12 RCTs, 3 CTs, and 2 UTs. Overall, 13 studies supported exercise being effective to improve parameters of static and dynamic balance during single or DT conditions. Despite the heterogeneity of pathologic conditions, exercise showed similar benefits to improve function in two main areas: neurological conditions and frailty conditions. The lack of a common method to assess DT performance limited the ability to compare different interventions directly. Future research is warranted to study the optimal dose and exercise modalities to best reduce the risk of falls in the elderly with multiple disease conditions. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.

Zhang, T., et al. (2024). "Development and Adaptive Assistance Control of the Robotic Hip Exoskeleton to Improve Gait Symmetry and Restore Normal Gait." IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering 21(1): 799-809.
	Neurological disorders and aging induce abnormal gait kinematics such as asymmetric gait, reduced stride length, and walking speeds. Gait asymmetry increases musculoskeletal pain and joint impairment in the affected leg, increases the risk of patients falling, and induces higher energy expenditure. This paper presents a novel assistive control framework for the series elastic actuator-driven robotic hip exoskeleton that improves gait symmetry and restores normal gait. The proposed assistive control depends on virtual stiffness compensation with a series elastic actuator (SEA)-driven hip exoskeleton to assist without needing estimation, prediction of the gait phase, or human intent. In addition, adaptive adjustment of the virtual stiffness based on the approximate dynamic programming method is used to improve gait symmetry. The proposed control strategy is successfully implemented, and experiments are validated with human subjects' gait assistance using a SEA-driven wearable hip exoskeleton. Note to Practitioners - This paper was motivated by the problem of hip exoskeleton assistive control. The goal of hip exoskeleton assistance is to improve gait symmetry and restore the normal gait of the patient with neurological disorders and the elderly. Existing approaches to fixturing such parts generally need to estimate or predict the gait phase or human intent. And the existing approaches generally adopted fixed control parameters. The hip exoskeleton's assistance cannot adapt to various walking conditions and human gait differences. The proposed assistive control is based on virtual stiffness compensation with a SEA-driven hip exoskeleton to assist with walking under various walking conditions without estimating or predicting the gait phase or human intent. And the proposed method is online adjusted control parameters with human-in-the-loop to improve the gait symmetry. The human walking experiment results showed that the hip exoskeleton assistive controller not only reduced muscle activation and human effort but also improved the interjoint coordination of the impaired joint online. We also showed how the assistance controller changes the control parameters according to the gait symmetry with a human-in-the-loop strategy. © 2004-2012 IEEE.

